Knowledge base
Yo Quantum, I'm 'bout to give ya' ass a physics lesson
See if an object's a- man let's talk about this Smith & Wesson


I let it whistle at this bitch like a catcaller


All you hear is 'pop pop', it's not ya' grandfather


I'm cutting off ya' circulation like a half dollar


I take a quarter of ya' blood like ya' granddaughter


See, I made it out to Cali from the bunker in Sicily
Don't get ya' body twisted like, muscular dystrophy


I'm still waving a stick like I'm conducting a symphony'


I turn ya' AA sponsor into a customer instantly
Picture me in your girl's mouth, she was loving the imagery
When I came inside her head like a fucking epiphany


I'm walking out wit' a bag like I'm leaving a mall


Tell these people spread the word like Peter and Paul


How many dudes hit ya' girl? She don't even recall
She'll throw her hair in a ponytail and face the whole team like Steven Seagal


See, I kinda had to fall back from the scene a bit
A lot of people wrote me off like a sleeper pick


Now they gotta have me on the card like a Visa chip
I should get a hundred million views on a teaser clip
I got him tripping like his shoes aren't tied
You 'bout three bricks, two watches and a new car shy


'Cause I'm holding big paper like the cue card guy
That's why I'm coolin' Innuendo like a rhubarb pie


Schoolyard fly, what that mean is if I don't like the shit you say
I'm putting knuckles to ya' chin like picture day


People didn't use to like it when I grip the K
I wonder if 'dey care the kid's blowing up like Tim McVeigh


If he start using personal bars without letting me know
I get to airing on Fox like the '70s Show


Thermometer on my wrist, said it's 20 below
I'm at the mall charging cards like Remy LeBeau
That's Gambit, so I got that brown coat, how I painted the coupe
Your girl heard about the cold stones, so I gave her the scoop
She wanted me to fill her in, when she came for the swoop
She thought I missed her innuendo, who created the group?
And she can't cook, the kids are like, "We need takeout"
And they wanna watch a show, so I go the PG safe route
I let 'em eat the dinner with the TV trays out
While I got mouth in the armchair like Pee-wee's Playhouse


Splash
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
B Magic vs E Ness
King of the Dot
Carter Deems vs Bonnie Godiva
King of the Dot
Oxxxymiron vs. Dizaster
King of the Dot
[Round 1: QP]
I say all punchlines and haymakers, wit' you it's the same gimmicks
Name flipping
Everything blew, sprayed, you and Windex got the same premise


Made sense since clearly I was working wit' a stained image
So when I stuck my neck out for you Innuendo, I knew you'd be a pain in it


Plain Physics, I broke each bar down, into intervals, individuals
Magazine my motto, 'cause once it hit, ya' center fold
No real raps in your real raps, the shit is getting old, oh you didn't know?
He won't be using personals today, ask him why, 'cause he going against his general
Division goes, no outsiders looking Innuendo, we are not community
We are cut from a different class, we are not, for truancy
Envision a vision as I wink, watch my pupil think
Before I could blink he already seize the opportunity


See there's a few of us Innuendo, you thinking they comply, I hate these guys
Fresco, Super Black, nigga you'd have to be crazy, why?
You think we share guns? Why would three point one for?
What the fuck you think we crazy, why?
I guess it's blind, it should be pretty easy seeing they could die
Get it, pretty easy seeing, naked eye?
Fuck it, great then I can, be on point as we creep up the pyramids
I'm a purebred, what you expect, these mutts to mirror this?
You mixed-up, ain't that a bitch, if he's such a lyricist
Why he sound like seven years in one? 'Cause young dog tryna keep up appearances
I say here it is, this guy's aura's bipolar, I'll show you there's two versions
The goon lurking, Mr. Super Soaker, with the tool squirting
Then it's you working, the real you that like kayaking and nude surfing
So when I wrote him in the crew, it was to feel like a new person
Get it, row team, in the crew, feel like canoe, person
New surface, who knows what I'll choose next, each feature's designed
To face different characteristics, these choppers, neatly applied
Grab the toy with the potato, head his way, yeah I'm leaving him blind
'Cause I can take my pupil out in a second, how fast? In the blink of an eye
Not only do I talk about blickies but see I have a gun too
These people give you the gun title yeah, I'm that disgruntled
I said, when you gon' learn? I'm Uma Thurman, when I catch and hunt you
Nigga, who taught you this skill? Bill, now watch how fast I snatch it from you
[Round 2: Fresco]
If people online really think you're number four in the world
Then that paints a really bad picture like The Saurus's girl


Look, S.O.N.S., king of The Jungle when the circuit was light
But now I'm lifting son up like the circle of life
A whole scene bit ya' style and ain't preserving it right
And you just take it lying down like a conservative wife
Some people still respect him, that's for his innovation only
But now he sees his time is ticking like an imitation Rollie


Nowadays the most you get is a participation trophy
In a Fresh Coast history book that you get erased from slowly
He was never the same rapper, after the pill habit
People pretend you still dope, you wacker than Illmatic


Show a flash of his former self tryna capture a little magic
Hidden ball trick, he's just tryna act like he still has it
So what the fuck did ya' man think?
All that sniffing really fucking up ya' class rank
Like he's like, "But his story, better keep it civil, war, machine guns with the hand crank"
I ain't tryna hear no stories from a addict like Anne Frank


See five outta five fiends give my product the edge
I get it cracking in the kitchen like I'm dropping a egg
I find ya' grams under the sink behind the Comet and Pledge
And then I'm bouncing from the pad like Sonic the Hedge


I got the campus on lock, I don't need a bomb threat
I put, zips in a bag like a Vietnam vet
He be bargain-hunting, talking 'bout he got the best gear
Like "You got the blue with the orange"- bitch you shoulda worn a vest here
Good Samaritan giving beds out, the cast is supporting him
When caps fly, you get a gown like a valedictorian
Get stretched out over ki's like I grabbed the accordion


Or stuck another time like I crashed the DeLorean
My Rollie futuristic like it came from Doc Watson
And it's raising people's eyebrows like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
I got ya' budget on my wrist, it raised a lot of suspicion
The lightning bolt over the face, the Harry Potter edition
See I just came to put a cap in his ass: torn gluteus
He wouldn't be as broke if he woulda been more studious
Now he don't ever be at the mall: Orange Julius


He came here to stare at the G.O.A.T., he George Clooney'ed it


[Round 2: QP]
J-Pro called me like-no I called J-Pro
He said "What's it gonna take to get you vers' Fresco on the card?"
I said "Can I talk to you in candy bars?" He said "Sure, fuck it"
I said long as the payday nuts all the way around, let that sink in your core
I'll give him a couple rounds from my trey, ay, that's a Reese's for sure
Can 'dese bars that he prepared be as sweet as before?
'Cause every time he start off he think he can even the score
Get it, every time he start, toffee, Heath, think, even the Skor
That was fucking sweet, how could he be so boring?
Neosporin, how he hang in the cut
He battle once a year, all I hear, is him complaining and such
Is this going over your head, 'cause I really hate explaining this stuff
Every since he started showing his ass Innuendo, he been quite the pain in the butt
Buddy if you ain't gonna tuck, the body where the bugs are, don't bother, it's annoying
Stick him showing, that his torso's more so where the shiv a' go in
You'll get drugged in, it's not something that you get a choice in
Drip and moisten, the shank in cyanide you gon' watch me, pick ya' poison
And if this boy's in the block watching, good, we'll be looking out
Think I'm flying a chorus in a session how fast you feel me hook around
And since you handicap well, how should I really put it now?
Hands'll get put on you, then you, will get pushed around
Bush a clown, I give you the skinniest work, gets all bulimic
You can't go to the party next door, unless you get off the weekend
Lying over your pride, the shit's all deceiving
You're on the edge, you're on the ledge, just a pitfall from demons
So when I make this grown man shit himself, he may have went off the deep end
Get it, grown man shit himself, he may have went off the, Depend
It's no secret Innuendo's my- nah, it's our brand it seems
That's divine, yeah da vine like ask me if Tarzan could swing


You got this national anthem fucking star-spangled theme
I don't care if you, held your hand over your heart and can sing
You just J.Lo's, ex-husband to me 'cause you just a mark, Anthony


And you don't like people that work hard and come from borders
You like Tommy-wearing and Tomi Lahren, that one cunt reporter
I say, this black Democrat a' kidnap this Trump supporter
Since you're a Republican mascot, throwing you in the trunk's an order
I say aroma odor, deceased body, yeah the smell's there
Godpen start freestyling, everybody like "Hell yeah"
You start freestyling? Eddy Gordo, that's something that they'll dread
'Cause you'll blow whole rounds off top, well said
Get it, blow whole rounds off top, whale's head
You remind me of Birdman on Breakfast Club, you just tryna get some respect


Grew up watching his grandma smoke to her throat, now he think he can put the SIG to our neck
Nigga you're a computer science major, a computer science major, 'cause in his mind he think he gripping the TEC
With his intellect? Going to jail and doing a partial sentence is still a bit of a stretch
And if you go to jail and do a partial sentence what's that? That's a bit of- time




[Round 3: Fresco]
So, y'all know how I fucked his girl in the first round well I'm also fucking her again this round but like
This time I was at the club and I was drunk and I didn't want to drive
So I threw my man the car keys and said "Straight to the lobby"
She was tryna give up the brains like she chasing a zombie
Threw the pantyhose on her face like she waiting to rob me


Even let the designated hit her like Jason Giambi
So my man came off the bench 'cause he was hella patient with her
My whole team gotta feast, like a celebration dinner
Gun spitting out a shot like it never tasted liquor
But had more bodies on it than a educated stripper
That's why I'm in ya' window like a expiration sticker


Six dudes carry a box, that's ya' wedding cake delivered, boy
I go to ya' hood and set up shop, like gentrification
And take everybody out like a special occasion


This could go left real fast like professional racing


You getting fucked up like you playing chess wit' a Asian
Caribbean rum sipping, the connect is Jamaican
I hit the concierge for a recommendation
In the V-I, don't need identification
And the roof's still missing, yeah it's extra Malaysian


He's like "You ain't fuck my girl, I got two", well ya' wifey sounded lovely
Oh you got two bitches? Okay, well then she twice as down to fuck me
She'll get hit with no protection like she trying out for rugby
Snipe him down when rifle rounds, go in his Chrysler Town & Country
That means I, spray up the family van
, car wash, fundraise
Buck it, take tops off, air-dry, sun rays
Slump him like a bean bag, freeze tag, gunplay
Five-man, kill streak, care pack, upgrades


When he hit, his girl lay there with that 'when he gon' get started' face
Just waiting for this dude to pull out like a parking space
I'm moving product putting bargains in the marketplace
What I'm pitching got him hitting the rocks, like the Marlins' ace


I make moves without trying like I'm button mashing
Boy I had to make it stretch like a muscle spasm
They think I'm sparring with my bro like Double Dragon
I headed west so I could ox him, no covered wagon
I just got a little buffer but I wasn't lagging
So I could caveman his bitch with my knuckles dragging
They gon' have to put collateral down, 'cause I am fucking swagging
And both your bitches domed up, boy I'm double fragging


Baby boy I'm fucking splashing like I'm rubber rafting
Plus I know the fans behind me so I'm hovercrafting


Let me find out where your son's at, so I can duffel bag him
I'm killing Junior and Senior, yeah the upperclassmen
I cut the check at the dealership after the speed test
Cotton candy coupe that they haven't released yet
Couple screens sitting in the back of the seat rest
I buck 'em while I'm fucking with the factory presets


His shorty riding shotty, got the passenger seat wet
Road head music, either Jagged or Keith Sweat
This love, same type Adam Levine get
She wanna be my WCW and we ain't even bash at the beach yet




[Round 3: QP]
Y'all know who cuter than a mother? That's your moms
She sucked me and my guys up, shh, pass it on


We ran miles up on that pussy like a decathlon
I woke up and ate that white woman bootie at the crack of dawn


I run a marathon on that ho pussy, I was like "Run that then"
Fucked her on the front porch, came inside, left, she was like "Come back in"
I said "I fucked you on a porch, I ain't come inside, how the fuck am I supposed to come back in?"
I said "Fuck it, give me that Asian mouth, where I wanna come, that chin"


I'm whitewashed, so I'm your girlfriend's one black friend
I ain't know the dame
 is a ho but I had a little hunch back then
Known to cut ties with a bitch if I didn't score
I like to take her for granted on the countertop and on my kitchen floor


No dry itchy core, I bump the pussy till the vagina is sore
That's how you close in on a one-night stand, how you do that? You gotta slide in them drawers
Surprises in store, stripper in a birthday cake, bitch it' s all about surprises
You package yourself as a male to get box and all, provided
You don't love the hoes, but you, love the hoes, it's just a thought that you're disguising


You need a bitch in your background, nigga broaden your horizons
Get it, bitch, in your background? That's a broad, in your horizons
Talk about conniving, oh brother, you know me as a family man
Till you walked in on me and your mom's sister, we were dancing the dance
It was special like techno, 'cause I felt her hands in a trance
And I couldn't keep still, you know, especially with your, aunt's in my pants


I'm advanced with the grams, there's only one thing to do with cocaine baby, that's to draw a line
Dot, dot, domino effect, these bitches had to fall in line
I'm like the NFL scout with these pros, yeah that was all combined
Even if she can't focus, what I do? I just get at her all the time


You work, in an Italian parlor? Fine
They used to have competitions on who could deliver baked ziti the fastest
NorCal's on to your raps, they just a bunch of cheesy distractions
Get it? NorCal's on, calzone, just a bunch of cheesy distractions
Remember that black Velcro thing for the pizza? That was the only heat he was packing


He filled out a application, partially, 'cause he wanted a piece of the action
Now after this weekend, I'm back in the home, yeah I'm tryna slide into that, I'm driving it back
That's easier than a fucking pop fly and a catch
This my toy soldier, so I grab a Louisville, start winding it back
If you don't see it coming well, you're just as blind as a bat
All jokes aside this my guy, for real, we extra cool
Him, Super Black, true to facts, they there, when the pressure shoot
Got the greatest of all time around me at all time, you gotta respect the crew
So many G.O.A.T.S. around me, makes ya' wonder if we're at a petting zoo


Yo, I shouldn't mess with Q he the most vicious of S.O.N.S
He's so gangsta, he got guns that shoot out miniature guns
But what i wrote for him is opium, I bleed herron
And this ain't the jungle book, you can't beat Shere Khan


For a living you're a plumber and that's an honest wage
But wait lets flash back to your match with Kronic Plague
It was here, last year, remember you bumping Onyx in a jag
Just a second lets examine the fraudulence of that
You got them bills, child support, plus you got them union dues
Stupid you'd be lucky bumping Onyx in a Subaru
Wait i forgot your Uzi spews you're ruthless as a hunter
But if you're truly just a plumber
What the fuck you gonna do to me, shoot me with a plunger?
You see me with a dime you know I'm piping that bitch
While you're at work, with a wrench, like: "damn, these pipes are a bitch"
How does it fell to know I'm as white as it gets
But more respected by the city who's style you bit
I guess that hurts, but what impacts worse
Is you're dying to be a Smack rapper, too bad I did that first


I was a highly gifted student and a college debater


So if i want to fuck your girl, shit I could persuade her
So when you come to fix my toilet after I just clogged it
I'll be working out your chick like it's my new office
This is promo, but it's going to look like you lost it
I put you on the map just to wipe you off it
But if he shows steel I won't squeal and Soul might duck
Cause when that fo' five busts, it doesn't really matter cause yo life sucks
Fuck it, if i get you, I dissect you, your body sliced to slivers
I'll take your vital organs, sell them to the highest bidder
From your eyes to your liver, every part'll get pitched
Too bad no one's in the market for the heart of a bitch
So here's the cliff notes if you just joined the battle
I put Q in a box, 10 points in scrabble


See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Real Deal vs 9DM
Grind Time Now
Rone vs. Caustic (2010)
Grind Time Now
E. Ness vs Iron Solomon
Grind Time Now
[Round 1: QP]
I don't wanna hear shit about my battle with KP
And you know, me beating Kronic Plague
You battled in New York and couldn't handle a black president
And I'm just being honest Abe
I don't need a tooth under my pillow for me to serve this fairy
I came with lots dirt to make certain that this herb gets buried


You've never had sex before you know why? This nerd is scary
But when he does, he could have a baby Jesus
Depending on who this virgin marry (Virgin Mary)
This square geek is an old school Jew like his father's partner
That thing on your face isn't a nose, that's a slobber knocker
Ladies don't run up and conversate with him, he's not a talker
Wizard ask you for some brain, he means your medulla... oblongata!
So he can whip up a potion with hand lotion using a sorcerer's stone
Add a little sugar and spice, create a gorgeous clone
To keep away from faggots and fat chicks you were forced to bone
This faggot shakes his head 'cause I'm hitting a little close to home
Back at home, bitches wouldn't say Soul Khan is a cute guy
This faggot is a maggot and magic couldn't make this fruit fly
It feels like summer time when he wanna try to slip the truth by
'Cause you say it and turn red, 'cause it get hot whenever this Jew lie (July)
True lies, this ain't that pregnant bitch from the movies
But I guarantee this Jew know (Juno)
I only pretended to be his friend, after we kicked it
I took his Jew dough (Judo)
You better keep your fucking hair short
Please, don't grow it into a Jew Fro
Smartest kid in his class why he enrolled into a JUCO


Dude's bro's name is Julius, his mother's name is Julie
Just to reiterate how Jew he, is his sister's name is Julie
Now his dad's name is Judas, that's right his dad's name is Judas
The same person that betrayed Jesus
'Cause that's the type of shit a Jew does
True stuff, the Bible got proof of this
To show his racist ruthlessness
You guys gave him a crown made of thorns
'Cause you're stupid pricks
He turned water into wine, who in the fuck couldn't get used to this?
Then you guys planned to cross Jesus, crucifix?
For that shit, if you got a baby, I'll catch the kid in a cradle
If you got a toddler, I'll catch him while he's spinning a dreidel
In high school it'll be like Cain finishing Abel
When I do him shady, aftermath matching Eminem's label
[Round 2: Soul Khan]
If you call those bars your hardest, then I'll have to giggle
If I had a nickel for every dope line you spit, I'd have a nickel


If you strike me down I will come back like Lazarus


First here's a fashion tip, buy a fucking hat that fits
And Q got two hats, one to conceal his fade
And another one to keep him from getting Conceited's AIDs
Your crew shares a lot, I ain't talking just bad flows
Ya'll motherfuckers swap meat like discount clothes
Y'all got that corny wordplay, I can flex mine too
My Jamaican homies told me you can't test I, Q
I know your formula, you'll flip my name in different forms
Go ahead, flip my name, it's still bigger than yours
And not the length of that shit
I mean the strength of that shit
I will break you down to pieces, Jenga that shit
And this ain't the Fifth Element but I'm finally truly on
That every time you rhyme you move and bop like Ruby Rhod
I saw a video of your son, I thought some don't look right
You the only one in the S.O.N.S. that your son don't look like


So fuck the Jewish jokes, and all your dumb wordplay
Ask your boys where they were nine months before your son's birthday
Against Chronic, you spit the ten plagues I can't really lose
Cause that was dope, but guess what? The plagues came from the Jews


You know that Soul's blessed with it, I'm apart of the chosen people
We wrote the Old Testament, you followed a phony sequel
I'm that being from Elohim, you should of turned this down
The Holocaust was then bitch, you getting murdered now
You think you tough because you're from Stockton and I'm from Woodland Hills
Half your teams about as tall as Bushwick Bill


You don't slang, you sniff, embarrassing your sorry camp
You fuck me up? Please, you and what army
And again, here's the cliff notes if you just joined the battle
I put Q in a box, and Fox is a faggot


[Round 2: QP]
Yeah, everyone in the S.O.N.S. is five-two and we're all short, funny
But I busted a nut in your bitch's face, she enjoyed all of my shortcomings
Soul Khan's name is Abraham Weston, sheesh, I'll just call him Abe for short
Nicknamed the Wizard, Brown Bag is where you played your sports
That battle with 'Tez where he said that nose looking like it was made to snort
You look like a dude that skipped trial the way you couldn't stay with Cort (court)


This dog, imagine him carrying a ratchet
I'll throw him in the water under the bridge
That's what I call burying the hatchet
No homo, but I hope you end up marrying a faggot
And get buried in a casket by an Aryan assassin
You can ask him, after this his career will be washed up
You'll be better off surfing tides and becoming a Jewish Rabbi
Yeah, that should keep this nerd in line
But you're a walking contradiction and I'm just now learning why
Cause you say you hate skinheads while on the eighth day you get circumcised


He's from California, but rep New York, so he can't say that Khan stay fresh
Just for frontin' I should punch him in his concave chest
I'll ask Soul if he fucks with the Roc, if Khan say yes
I'll send my gold digger to New York just to bring Khan ye west (Kanye West)
They say I can't beat Soul Khan 'cause he got the sickest battling flows
Fuck it, I can't beat Soul Khan? How about I battle his nose?
I say yo, so glad we could meet toe to toe, head to head, face to face
This boinger is your best friend so I'm a point right at your ace and say
This is Ricky Bobby's partner, doing his version of the shake 'n bake
Cause even if I never said you were Jewish once, this motherfucker would've given the race away
Nasal spray, then his nose'll grow
Longer than Pinocchio's
You dig me? People catch my drift over in Tokyo
Flying to Hawai'i even, everyone knows the nose
Your schnozz got personality, that's why everyone knows your nose
Your favorite resort is the Poconos
When you snort I'm gonna poke your nose
When you sniff, I get pissed, when I take my fist and turn it to Shane Mosley's nose
Or maybe Ginobili's nose
Fredo, I got you
The people's geek got the eagle's beak from the totem's pole
So when I cut this wood's pecker, yes sir, you can say I told him so
This soul'll flow and fall forward, y'all'll see a nose dive
Right into these rails right here, skate fast and see a nose grind
I told Okwerdz my bars so Soul Khan probably knows mine
But since I spit piff, it's appropriate I gave his nose lines
I said I'll show up to your house on Hanukkah and turn off your goddamn lights
Since me and Fox jumped in [?] you think me and Fox can't fight?
And I got the gun in my hip so when them Glocks [can't right?]
I'm gonna punch you in the nose, right in the nose, cause you're goddamn right!


[Round 3: Soul Khan]
Pardon my sweat stains, y'all
You make tracks about how you flossin' and you clap rounds, yet
That ain't exactly what I found in this here background check
That's true, this file says your lifestyle ain't fit for a baller
Your average income is 28,453 dollars
But street money's off the books, that's how you're paid right?
And you in the game, so you probably seen some court dates right? Wrong! I checked that shit too, from federal to state
And you never been charged of one felony, but wait
There's one unspeakable act that this wicked man committed
In 2004, he had a warrant for dodging a traffic ticket!
You fake ass faggot!


I bodied you in the first, I'll body you in the next
But I already won this round, so your posse can get the rest
Alright?
I'll sunset the S.O.N.S. set, dropping every man
Your rap crew's a fat dude and some chocolate Teddy Grahams!


Yeah, he's got this. He's got this. He "really" got this
Except for Heartless, you're garbage, with a gun infatuation
You're one playground away from being another Bad Creation!


Hey! Hey! Hold on! Hey! Hey! Hey Fox! Hey Fox! I thought Slaughterhouse was gonna be here!
People compare Fox to Kobe, I have to hesitate
Cause in battles he ain't Kobe, he's the bitch that's getting raped
And in New York, I wasn't afraid of you when I treated you civil
I ain't fighting a motherfucker who barely reaches my nipples!
Conceited, Conceited I got you man
I dissed you, now you ducking me
That's a privilege and a luxury
But since I destroyed your boy, I guess you know that you can't fuck with me
The first time I ever heard Conceited rap
I wonder where he get his gear at, The Fetus Gap?
I don't give a fuck if you think you the sickest kid in your squad
You're a coward with the fucking voice of Nicki Minaj
Hold on! Last four! Q, back to you
I put my life into my lyrics, you rap to pretend
I terminate careers, you never had one to end
And here's the last thing I have to say to your crew!
Fuck you, Fuck you, You're cool, Fuck you!




[Round 3: QP]
You know how everybody in Oakland know you suck?
If that shit was true about me, why the whole time he didn't he open that folder up?
I said Jewish devil, let me ask you how your life has been as Satan
Probably hell, hardly swell, like when this kike got into Dayton
I'ma leave you sweatin' like blacks back when whites was integratin'
And had this Brown Paper Bag fag hyperventilatin'
I said it's amazing, that head goes perfectly with your IQ
Being a hypocrite, why would I wanna be more like you?
You eat pig feet, bacon bits, hell, pork rinds too
You said you'd eat that shit when pigs fly, well of course swine flew (swine flu)
I'm like aight, fine, cool
This might be bull but I heard you got a sweet tooth for beefcakes
He wears "bi"-focals to help this faggot see straight
'Cause he's gay
I didn't get paid for this battle, so consider this a cheap date
I'm trying to keep this Jew "in line", but he's a cheapskate
Geek wait!
If you hear I steer clear of beef ask yourself what kind of bull is this?
Not tossin' a salad is the only time you pull a lick
A brown bag belongs in front of the door when you pull a trick
But I get it, you're a joke who thinks you're on fire when you're full of shit


This bitch is a self-proclaimed Wizard that's into all kind of wizardry
I just think he's a bigot that's into all kind of bigotry
That nose makes you look like a woodpecker, so for barking up to this nigga tree
I'm a hit you with a German knee (Germany) for rushin' (Russian) up, this Jew is history
Physically, he cross-dresses, how much damage you think this Wizard can cause?
Red heels, no magic tricks, shit, this Wizard's a fraud
They should throw him in jail, no bail, filming it all
HBO original series titled the Wizard, of Oz!
Fox hit me from the Bronx like, "Soul Khan wouldn't stand with us"
Paparazzi flashing cam, he hoppin' out the damn picture
You livin' in a white world like you standing in a damn blizzard
Wishes there were no black people, well wouldn't that be grand, Wizard?
Now his music's got more synthesizers than an A-kon track
Probably the reason his career hasn't seen a contract
He don't need microphones and monitors 'cause he's laying on tracks
He spent eight nights at home on Hannukah and still couldn't flame on wax
I'm a leave him with scars
No hands touching the fives, you a geek with the bars
No grams touching the pies, I'll tell you reach for the stars
Get your hands in the skies, and stupid I'm robbing you
So please take off that fucking disguise


I'm glad you don't got no cap on
You can give us all that Rogaine picture


You got me feelin' like your father, so I won't play wit' ya'
This for the QP, that's the camera man, no way mister
That mean John Doe shootin' a body, of a no-name nigga


And you ain't takin' my name, nigga, QP you wouldn't dare
Shoulda known I'm a trained lumberjack
I ain't cuttin' back and that I, would prepare


But if Superman out here movin' faster than a speeding bullet, swear
I guess the only way to slow you down from that tempo's to put a, bullet there
You know what I don't like about you, Qleen Paper?


You spell, like a teenager


Using my name for free, illiterate fuck, couldn't even have you sign a, fee waiver
You don't have to be a spelling bee major or the alphabet's creator
To see that the C in 'clean' can't be Q, I'll say it again, I know it's clean Paper
I say who you seein', Qleen? Can't be Q, 'cause sir up and met a son that could lean Paper
See I tried to be meek, it's a nightmare, I'm the dream chaser


Created Innuendo to watch the flow I crafted, as a team player
You need Miles, right? Clickin', deletin', wipin' ya' slate clean Paper
You get paid to crack heads? No crackhead, you a freebaser
You wanna blow? Fine, off dope lines, since we, both are coke sniffers
Just know, that'll help you overdose quicker


Based on our threads they say we better than them so-and-so niggas
But we ain't cut from the same fabric 'cause we ain't nowhere close, nigga


How should I expose niggas? Chilla Jones, for real a clone


Y'all think y'all seen schemin'?
See I do this all year, for me it's always scheme season


Is it winter, no, it's autumn fall, that mean, everything leavin'
Street sweeper the whole house, some'll call it spring cleanin'


You squeamish, fool with the world, let it digest you and spit you out
See that's what it does with you outcasts, as a rebel it sticks you out
Like retired umpires, you at home, unsettled you missin' out


But today Qleen's exorcism 'cause it's hard as a devil to get you out
Now there's levels of spittin' writtens out
But that shit you did in the D, I wanna start off, you wrong
Why sell yourself short, that'll get you marked out alone
Now I knew you were roamin', though it wasn't too smart, I condone
I know why you thought you'd get good reception
'Cause you read four bars off your phone


Now will he start off a clone and choke again? Do you look to, crowd for the beef?
When this gangster cripples himself, then the crowd's gonna see
Now out-of-town fans look, like you brother, even when you miles from the D
But then you choke out of town and look like your brother, Miles from the D


He's probably now gonna cease, choke up in 60 seconds, that's a minute's time
You can't work at the shoe store, with that performance, you can't, finish lines
That's why each step gets blown out of proportion when it slips his mind
But I can say you're not a real cokehead, you know us cokeheads, we don't forget the lines
Now you did switch your grind, with the QP shit, but why'd you have to go and take the greatest?
And make yourself public enemy number one, you wouldn't Flavor Flav it
You, Bishop? Pfft, I never heard a faker statement
That's someone flimsy dishin' it out if you sayin' that Paper played it
You made it on a whole 'nother scale, I made way for you
The combination of the letters QP I made, safe for you
[?], things I couldn't wait to do
No matter how you spell 'clean' Q, I could still see, the fake in you


Your mom looks like a dried-up grape, yep, the bitch raising you
The same old bitch that told you good things, came in two
I'm not feelin' it, ay oh well, let me explain my aim to you
Even when you freestyle I should still get paid for Paper views
Even when you choke and freeze, I'll still get paid for Paper views
You spelled it Q-U-E-P, didn't get great reviews
Then you changed it to QP, we started beefin' over mistaken views
My buzz big as a living room at the time, U-Haul, I was makin' moves
I'm Don King promotin' you, I should get paid for pay-per-view
I called Surf like "Yo Surf, Surf, Surf, Surf, you think it's okay to sue?


Should I kidnap his bitch and kid since this is what it's been taken to?"


That's like takin' my baby, my hard work and my labor too
Ain't this a mother, 'cause after all my pushin', this pussy breakin' through
Flow nastier than hospital patient flu
You'll get hospitalized and the nurse'll bring you hospital patient food
I see you not makin' it, that's hospital patient food
With Kevorkian, it's unfortunate you see, that's a doctor that breaks the rules
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Used To Be Young
Miley Cyrus
Try That In A Small Town
Jason Aldean
Dear Mama
2Pac
[Round 1: Qleen Paper]
Niggas in the streets asked why I don't take SMACK serious
I told 'em it ain't that dawg, it's just that when you in the streets, fuckin' with that smack, it's hard to take SMACK serious
That shit had me on some, 'I got 50 here, 20 over here, I got 80 over here'
Nigga I got so confused with that math I wanted to smack Serius


Now let's stop with the games
'Cause it's been a while since I hopped in this thang


And I'd be a lie if I say the block ain't to blame
But I told myself, the day I hop in the box with this lame
I might have to box with this lame


Now even though I fuckin' hate you, I must thank you
'Cause only reason I hopped in the game was 'cause I seent this twot with the name


Now puttin' this fake-ass QPeezy to rest
Might be one of the easiest debts
He ain't gon' do shit but try to scheme me to death
So this a plot for the brain, I, hop in the Range


Bangin' Pac, before I hit his block, I was cockin' the thang
Caught him walkin' somewhere around Stock with his dame
I hopped out, cocked, put the chop to her frame
Broke her off, he got the K with the stock in exchange
You know what I don't like about your soft ass, dog?


How the fuck this nigga go from S.O.N.S. to Innuendo


Then he always do that bullshit ass intro, involving Innuendo
This nigga be on some "how you gon' beat me if it ain't in you to win do'
No I said I'm gonna end you to win dough, no it ain't in you—"
Bitch that shit mean the same thing


But how about I put a couple holes in you and you a window
Oh, that was garbage? Well let me see, you gay, you ain't in a closet
'Cause we all see you gay, you in a window
I really showed up this time, I ain't finesse you bitch, did that surprise you?
Oh, so you ain't tell all these motherfuckers about how when was finna battle before and you sent that five through
And I ain't show up, bitch I fried you
Reason being, he had my nigga Cal come all the way to Vegas and never showed up or paid him
So guess who I gave that five to? Me, motherfucker
You know what else I don't like about your soft ass, dog?
Nigga I got a whole list of thangs
And in the midst of thangs, this faggot-ass nigga gon' pick my shit out a whole list of names
Compared to what I do on the daily, nigga this a game
If we was the same whip, I'm supercharged, the newer car in a different lane
Now I'm just tryna figure out what the fakin' about
'Cause real talk, you ain't did half the shit that you say you about
You ain't did half the shit that you claim you did
And on top of that the people don't like you ain't who you say-
I know, I know, you ain’t that nigga you say you is


Let me see, you got, QP, Heartless, Remy, 100 Bulletz: Innuendo
Nah, I said QP, get heartless, off that Remy, I throw a 100 bullets in ya' window
[Round 2: Quantum Physics]
Frosted Flake, feelin’ Tony The Tiger great, my nigga keep the views
Moe, tell everybody I wanna make it sweet for you
But I might turn to Ike Turner re-enact that Anna Mae scene with you
So I can at least slap this bitch, since he wanna have his cake and eat it too
Between me and you, my nigga, I can outsmart you in a scheme
The mascot for gettin’ mopped up, well, aren't you Mr. Clean?
No A&R's ever attempted to chart you, interesting
'Cause they know if you did sell, dumb nigga, it'd be far few and between
And what's 'seldom', nigga? That's far few and between
You, check the check which is too far, few in between
I thought bein' smart you'd enter theme, give us a, clean explanation
A nose in need deserves puffs indeed, now that’s a Kleenex-planation
'You know what I don't like about you dog?' That's a Qleen explanation
You a career choke artist, you need, resuscitation
Now this battle rap shit show and tell, you gon' need, presentation
See you done learned but you done forgot, see this yo' re-education
You know practice makes perfect and you gon' need, preparation
You know how you know your soul sent, when you see levitation
Now that's altitudes, climbin' through, peaks, elevation
I done doctored this all up, this shit, premeditated
I'ma do, 42 shots, this gon' be, record-breakin’
I hollow man, he see-through, now QP, Kevin Bacon
Yellin' basic, to get rid of this shitstain I'm supposed to shout
I'm feelin’ like Rick James at Eddie Murphy's as he approached the couch
You fool with me not the safe way, even in a frozen, I'll
Mop Qleen up so nasty the cashier come it’ll gross her out
He from the Motor City, I know, you got that motor mouth
I always get told yes my nigga, somethin’ that you don't know about
I'm like umpires sittin’ at home signalin', I'm always showin’ out
This shit, Corey Holcomb material, nothin’ you should joke about
See what's cold is now, you goin’ against a draft so you not playin’ to win
Stop sayin’ shit that don't mean shit else, when you say it again
Or I'll Stephen King kill a clown if I have to say it again
Stephen King, killer clown, do I have to say It, again?
You know what I don't like about you dog? When you say it again
'Cause it don't mean shit else, I mean, they could pretend
When I say it again, you know, since I made up the trend
It's a double meaning on the double meanin’, I move the pace up again
I get paid through Western Union, money grams, pay stubs, depends
You fabricated so it seems you should be makin’ amends
Every rule or regulation you either break or you bend
I should go tee off on this bearded lady, sideburn style, straight for the chin
Now, did you really not write a third round? Only time will tell
You won't be able to see your way, out of this one, you can't provide the skill
You slippin’ with them gun bars that you done tried and failed
'Cause once your chrome'll spark, I guess I got Jonah's heart, 'cause I'm still alive and well
[Round 2: Qleen Paper]
Let me tell y'all niggas why I stopped fuckin' with this battle rap shit dog, 'cause it’s pointless dog
A nigga like him, jump in this bitch all day and do all this fuckin’ ramblin’ bro and never get the fuckin' point across
So I'ma save the, oohs and ahs, for the third round
This one, I'ma just get my point across
I heard somebody say when I walked in this bitch they glad the real came back
I'ma let yo' soft-ass know, off top, it ain't a game scrap
When you spittin’, keep yo' range, nigga hang back 'cause my nigga Money Maine strapped
You in the Midwest where shit can get fuckin' wild, this ain't southern Cal where it never rained at
It still ain't rained yet?
It ain't no question about where these motherfuckers want the name at
You gotta look at that shit from the world eyes
You made that shit, west coast local, I made it worldwide
Bitch you'll never get my name back
You never made it to where the big stage was at
It was never no need for me to outline you bitch 'cause I always outshined you and you hate that
But let's face facts, real niggas don't wanna hear that lame rap, so nigga can you blame Smack?
Now I want y'all to take this thought for the mind
And don't get me to gettin’ it wrong, I give it to dog, he smart with the lines, lyin' about how he sparkin’ the nine
Now he even walk with the pride
But how he present it, and talk it is jive
He wanted so bad to get that look from Smack
So I know, every time you thought in yo' mind about how you took the back to Heartless and Con, boy that-
If we speakin’ real nigga shit, this man is an act, we gon' take it from that Swave situation
'Cause that's what led me to believe you just another lame nigga fakin’
'Cause in all yo' verses, you handlin’ straps
But that nigga touch you and you let that man give you a panic attack
Not me, that's ironic, he the clown, but I'm the one that's known for jokin’
I don't give a fuck, a nigga touch me, trust me nigga, my chrome is smokin’
Swave? I woulda laid that big nerd down, third round, my hands woulda went around his neck since I'm known for chokin’
Now this nigga mentioned, before I was ever mentioned, you had a million views right?
I give you that, so that mean all these motherfuckers came here to see you right?
To fuck up dirtbox
Go on YouTube, hit that search box
Nigga I'm the only QP you notice
Temptations nigga, you been hatin', nobody comin' to see you Otis


[Round 3: Quantum Physics]
I said he ain't lie, two years ago I had my syrup league, contract this, crip right out the blue
Even though you were amongst those gettin’ eaten, and havin’ dine-out reviews
I was in this kid's corner, hell I took time out for you
Figured like a pirate I'd patch it up and, keep an eye out for you
400 dollar deposit months before it even happened
Then I went to jail for weed infractions, I heard he was smackin'
No-show after no-show, that's a re-enactment of how he was actin’
He started burnin’ bridges, few'll say 'cause he was gassin'
But they gon' have to point someone to ya' aid 'cause I'm bringin’ magic
You ain't know who you was fuckin’ with online, now you're bein' catfished
I would swing over a burner: that's kitchen cabinets
You'd be dealin’ with some assault without, hittin’ backflips
Attractive, trained, steamed, I'm a boilermaker
That'll leave this panhandler MIA, that's a Florida Gator
You, Charmin soft, thank you for the favor
I make sure you get that issue, same shit, different toilet paper
No make sure you get that, tissue, I aim shit, different toilet paper
I was supposed to fade ya', UFC.com, we was supposed to fight on sight
Even with Kevin Hart's father's heart you gettin’ all, right all rights
I'll positively charge at him, split you up right on splice
This part'll cool you down when you put your eye on, ice
You spent your life on white, oh now I get it, Qleen Pacino
Keep it a hundred, before this battle when was the last time you seen a C-note?
You act with my dinero, I'll turn into the last movie scene 'cause he know
It's to the cornfields off that, and short you gon' be DeVito
Well, not DeVito, Joe Pesci, but y'all get it, they both short as fuck
It's like every battle Paper gets ripped but also tore it up
It’s a fact, you a quack, it woulda benefited you more to duck
'Cause this rebound battle is gonna be, what get you boarded up
Now, you more than stuck on Smack for two years, in vain, I been watchin’ things
Coke, Cained you, murdered you brother, enablin' a prophecy
That make ya' nostrils sting, you woulda had more appeal, if you were a Roxy fiend
Since that white powder keep gettin’ you washed up, try oxy Qleen


[Round 3: Qleen Paper]
See he couldn't a' did no homework, give a fuck what this nerd say
You must ain't see the John John battle, when I told niggas fuck what they heard and say
Bitch I bet you I got that third today


This 'bout to be the most ridiculous round
'Cause this shit get more ridiculous every round, dog


Now y'all gon' go crazy and flip after I let this round off
The fuck, y'all ain't get it? I said y'all gon' flip after I let this round off
Nah, I said dog gon' flip after I let this round off


I couldn't lose if I threw this fight purposely
Now if you a fan of the real QP, and you be site-searchin' me
Then you know it's no way possible this bitch might murder me
Now y'all might notice a slight urgency
With me tryna get it out, like I'm tryna get in and out, like burglaries
Everything about this man say nice: courtesy


Me? Whenever my cash gone I throw that mask on like flight emergencies
Quentin Hinton ain't tough, he would never think of anything like hurtin' me
He just talkin' trash, I spark his ass, open him up, like surgery
'Catch his walkin' ass at the bus stop, bust shots and leave him lyin' on the bench like perjury
All y'all gon' hear is ch-ch boom, ch-ch boom, ch-ch boom
Like that shotty, spittin' bombs
I'ma have everybody stretched out in this nigga yard
Lookin' like he holdin' a class, for Pilates, in his lawn
But make it fast, 'cause fuckin' with his fakin' ass, police probably, get along
And ain't no fear in me bro, so let your cheerleaders know, I'm catchin' bodies, with my arm
Nigga that Glock stick to me, I am velcro strapped
You? You? A ho for starters, niggas can tell by your whole persona you ain't never held no straps
Up here talkin' 'bout offin' me
Naw, niggas be cautious 'bout crossin' me, I'm like railroad tracks
You disrespected my nigga Tall T
Rest in peace, that's a real nigga, it just so happened that Tall T rap
"Fuck that nigga"? Nigga I'll kill your bitch ass to bring Tall T back
Hit his block, two Glocks under that tall T strapped
He's talkin' all that Tall T this and Tall T that
What you gon' do when I send you up where Tall T at?


You battled Charlie, in front the roughest crowd
And he prepared for you by writing...nothing down


For me, he wrote all three and made his grandmother proud


Now that is just profound....
...What you don't get it? You fuckin' clown
I'm sayin' that the Clips that I bring to the ring actually come with rounds


Still the streets been hatin', I heard all them lines befo'
So when they rank us I expect to hear the Ave say, "Iron low"


But y'all feel that man cold? Chill, are y'all really listenin'?
I gotta vent, your fans blow, I blame it on their conditionin'


Dude on the stage, jumpin' through hoops rockin' them fugazi J's
Isn't sick enough to influence the game
You not the real heir (Air) your soul (sole), show there's truth you're a fake
You ain't authentic enough to step in the shoes of the great
But those are actually new
And I'm kinda matchin' you
But mine are classics so I'm winnin' in this fashion, too!
I'll snatch your shoes, stomp out half your crew
With one on each foot to leave him black and blue
And this is just for kicks
 cause Nitty don't ride dolo
He be hoppin' crew to crew so who are you to try Solo'?
I'm the wrong one, you're fluid, what you're doin' isn't smart Rum


Special Olympics, Track & Field: this is stupid in the long run


Get ig'nant and a couple dum-dums will leave your wig split
Then I unload even more on (moron) whoever Nit' with (nitwit)
Retarded!


Yo, then I'm cuttin' limbs off of all of Rummy's friends
Your circle will get smaller as it goes down: the fun'll end


A couple twins, and I nicknamed them "Rum" and "Nit"
'Cause just when you think we all cool, they jump and click


Line 'em up, thinkin' clips, shavin' Crips with the sharpest knives
The razor dips in and out blue like you barbicide


And wipe the blade clean 'cause it's time to change themes
Swingin' bats at the top of every 4th like the Away team


Turn your meatball to Ragu with the hot spaghetti
Throw your noodle against the wall 'til it sticks: the pasta's ready!


Nitty's lunch!
Food? I ain't waitin' for my ribs to touch
If my hunger givin' me stomach pains I'll shiv his gut
This bird is gettin' stuffed like, "Thanks. Give it up"
We call that "The Itis"
If you eatin' good, you gettin' stuck!
Well, fuck it
I'll pay one of the young'uns to start the party off
Leave you neckless for a rack like Mardi Gras


If a band on my boy will buy you a bed at the morgue
Paint the whole fuckin' room for a Benjamin more
That's how we finna do
You're believable too
But I'm lyin', I don't got it on me and neither do you, Cornell


You not built how you wanna believe
With DNA strands cut from the cloth of a G
He'll say he lick shots...but it ain't all that it seems
If he gotta steam, the chrome is home 'cause it's not in his jeans
Hold up, hold up, hold up
He licks, I know you follow the theme but on top of that scheme
I said "strand", "cut", "cloth" and then "jeans"
I'm unraveling each thread, so y'all see who could weave best
I got this bitch sewn, that's why he seems stressed
I'll poke holes through him, put this needle in Nit'
And then lace him with a bow that'll leave him in stitches
We will (k)not tie!
You can't undo the mind of the Jewish guy when you just tried to cross JC and got crucified


So suicide or I'll do the job
You can die in your own voice


I'll let you decide that you get taken out, baby: I'm pro-choice


See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Tsu Surf vs. Rum Nitty
URLtv
Charlie Clips vs Daylyt
King of the Dot
m.A.A.d city
Kendrick Lamar
[Round 1: Rum Nitty]
Aye, we got Rum Nitty vers' this white bitch Aaron...a.k.a Iron Solomon
Who thought of this? I should race the car up on your property speedin'
Pull somethin' out the boot and cap little Iron; these Monopoly pieces


I told him this the wrong move
Gas chamber: they gon' be sayin' I smoked you in a small room


In a whip with the biscuit
Head shot...wavin' the five out the backseat like Kennedy did it


And I don't gotta hire no help, you can check my priors
Shit I'm known to let it fire myself
, I ain't for play, don't try him
Strays go flyin', I clap shit, pull out a Black Smith and let it bang on Iron


I'll run you off the block
Watch this G MC, make Iron hide, it ain't an Autobot


I'll pop ya top and drop your body off
Then I'm buryin' a white man like Monster's Ball


I use to keep a piece, not keep the peace
We was too off the chain in the field like Aqib Talib


Rusty knife I tote, but this iron sharp and Iron get it like a Bible quote


Leave a nigga leakin' for intervenin'
While your people be penny-pinchin', mine nickel-squeezin'


I kill him easy
Been jonesin' to give a Jew L's on cam: I really mean it!


I told my nigga J Nutty I would smoke you and I'm goin' to
With a little .32 like Jones-Drew


He turn his back, I lift it on him
Then the tool kicks from the rear view like infant Jordans


I'm a shooter first, Ruger work
If I don't got the gun, I grab the fifth from my son like Jupiter
Let me word it a lil' different
I tell my son if he's taken from ours
As soon as you see this Jew, put a Mercury tip in him


Ain't nothin' changed up, drum on a big weapon
Chris Webber: I'll pull this Tom out and fuck the game up


Nigga, stop it, or the shit I got in store a-
Have me planting bodies, Little Shop Of Horrors


You can practice all you wanna, still get bodied, champ
It's useless, you gon' train and then die, you Oscar Grant


We can squab, but I'm not the one you want the fade from, I'm Sweeney Todd


I tote for real, unload the steel
Fuck boxin', a piece will air in Iron mouth like Holyfield


Oh, you mad I'm in your face stylin'!?
It gets much worse
I pull a thang out and let it Buck first: Ray Allen


Stay wildin', blade 'round him
Get plugged 'cause this white bitch get outta pocket like Ace found it


Bitch, you can't keep it real yourself
Nigga, suicide or I'll do the job, you decide, kill yourself
[Round 2: Iron Solomon]
You told us you 99% gun bars, the other 1% is the slogans
Bitch, we noticed!
When Nitty pick a topic, that boy is focused
No jokin', no schemes, no personals, no angles
Lemme guess...you just gon' rap about the Iron the whole battle!


Well, you should stop
'Cause whether I kill you or not
If you can't fit somethin' else in the plot, you puttin' yourself in a box


Respect this lesson
I'm tryna learn you, don't second-guess it
Or you will always be Number 2 when your pencil's tested
If you take battles like Scantrons, where, every question
You gotta fill your whole round up with lead just to get accepted?!


Yo, all these extra gestures made you the Prince of the Gun Punches


But the rule is, you can never be King with just one subject!


So who said you was ready to join the ranks?
Did Beasley fuel your drive? So, Eric, you're to thank!
When he loses steam, it's on E...for gassin' this Quarter tanked!
Slow your pace
Give it a minute, man, you gon' blow the race
You sell a bit of tickets, but ain't fuckin' with what a pro create!
How long we wait for son to grow?
While his style went from young to old
Shit, when he came out...the motherfucker was so nine months ago!


Now, a hundred and one other up-and-comers bumpin' they gums
With a style they stole from Quantum, Con, or one of them bums
Just bustin' they gun lines that been done and redone
You know what they say...ain't nothing new under the S.O.N.S


The scene is wild!
These clowns doing musical theatre now
You just wanna act like a gangster
That's why you think you Nino Brown!


That's how you picture yourself?
So every bar's about image
Where you either holdin' a stick, or an arm gets shot in it?


How a movie character moves on camera, to Rum, is the realest
That's why this film role you playing's a little underdeveloped
Doing public dirt
Stuff we don't even need to dig up to learn
Like, in your Ave battle, you got paid...to wear a Loyalty Over Money shirt
And wasn't you 4th Homi Bloque-
See, that's the stuff that always boils me
Paid to rep a clique you was never with
That's literally money over loyalty!
Yo, and Swave a real one
He just tryna raise these children, pray they ain't reptilian
But it's tough to try and spot where the snakes concealin' when they chameleons
With Writer's Bloque, he got major billings
But the type of guap he got paid was shillings
So he DEADED them, thinking on Team Homi's side, he'd make a KILLING!


Draw the line, boy!
Who's the brotherhood you would really ride for?
Folk you willing to pay that price for?
The people you'd kill or you'd die for?
Is you 4th Quarter, Blood, or Crip?
You throwin' up the 6, but you 5'4"
I'll send him to HELL or ANGELS, if he don't take my advice, LORD!!!
And if the Latin Kings believed ya
You would say you a fifth Boricua
And be bangin' that black and yellow harder than Wiz Khalifa
Fabricatin' your credibility by claimin' you gang-bang
Sayin' you slang grams
Type of lame that I can't stand!
I didn't grow up sellin' coke, but I was raised as a 'caine fan


Caught my first charge writin' my name with a spray can!
So, even without the nickel, I'm the wrong one to meddle with
First name Iron, but I am good in any element
Tables with a podium, linoleum or Rust-Oleum


You really with the shits!?
The mode I'm in is Imodium
!
When y'all rewind, decode the lines flyin' over heads
Left slower minds so divine, it's like they co-designed by God
We got a open line
My flow is wine
So even if me and this 4th Quarter score is tied inside the building
I am winning over time!


Longevity, y'all won't ever see this war horse diminished
Despite the scoreboard or cynics, I move forward toward the finish
Never been a poor sport
I stepped on your court to scrimmage
With a buzzer-beater!
You get one shot, and this 4th Quarter finished!
[Round 2: Rum Nitty]
Aye, the fans sayin' I ain't ready for this legend plate
But why hesitate?
'Cause you'll miss 100% of the shots you never take
So I'm fuckin' shit up
No surprise, really
I'm Lennox in Belly: y'all knew how I was cut from the jump


I don't play with rappers!
It's simple, if I draw, you lose, Iron: we donatin' plasma!
A nigga will get stretched
If this drum clap at your high hat and through your temple
It be instrumental to your death!


You gon' beat WHO!? We not for play
Spinal shot, and a bullet from behind, it could fuck up your holiday


I'm on my shit every time
So you gon' make this a good match? You gotta pick better lines
Thought I was just finna die? They gassed you
And, to be frank, this bitch better hide!


This how a nigga play
If I need somethin' in my house, I run in Aaron's: I got bills to pay!


Aye, you think these bars ain't finna beat you?
Crazy how you callin' niggas "legends" when they just ordinary people


This shit absurd!
Nigga, I should let a .50 burst on MC Serch!
You niggas make me sick
Thinkin' Aaron can really hang with the pen: he not a Patriot


You get props for tryin', but off the top, you dyin'
You outta place
I treat this like Laundry Day: you know...washin' Iron
No arms and legs when I off the Wesson
I only draw on a face: composite sketches
Fuck a movie role!
Nigga, you should know I carry in real life like The Truman Show


Get bodied if you move
Choppa on your roof
I let the machine talk to Iron like J.A.R.V.I.S. in the suit!


Every bar I'm gon' wig
Nasty how you dyin' on the card: that's a Garbage Pail Kid!


Aye, I should rob you, then your squad get robbed, too
I'll air a Smith, take whatever Iron made, and rock groups


Bullet hit his frame, then lift again
And give Aaron a shot like I missed the rim


Drop you instantly
That shit'll drop you instantly
You thinkin' it's a game? Then two will sit you down: The Documentary!


Too many runnin' from Nitty
Duckin' and dodgin' the coffin
For the record, they tryna juke boxes like a club in the '50s
Thinkin' he can see me? He wildin'
BARS!
Check how I snap on the card: EBT balance!
You and I know, Ruger might blow
The lead'll come out right before you die: that's a suicide note


Bitch, you can't keep it real your-
Kill yourself!


[Round 3: Iron Solomon + Rum Nitty]
Yo, I'm disgusted by the crutches that these suckas need to write
Free Surf! (Free the Wave!)
But if he the Reach God, then Rum is Reachus Christ
Yo, there be so much reachin' when this guy composes prose
He gotta write his fuckin' rhymes in the Heisman Trophy pose!


Recitin' bars 'bout firearms, he'll paint the words with his hands
Tryna convince us you catchin' bodies through some interpretive dance


But Steams and them is the best at that
You eatin' from what they team has done
You bitin' pieces of the Cakes' style, and Beasley feeds you crumbs
The bread they fed us heavyweights, Nitty never ate
Your little paper on the back end...just a temporary plate
That's how hunger happens


You don't run your trap, but your gums is flappin'
I'm at the bank, talkin' withdrawals without a Southern accent!
Yo, I had this for-mula for moolah when you was just teethin'
Been milkin' this game since Tity Boi was breast-feedin', baby!


What, you been hot a year?
Still ain't makin' a dollar here
Probably wouldn't even recognize Smack without a beard


You they property
Ain't about to see a proper piece of the profit shared
They pay you less than bottom-tier
Nitty...you a volunteer!
And signin' a contract's like gettin' high from a contact
'Cause...NOW you gonna have a hard time gettin' OFF SMACK!


Well, I'm handin' out hits...so this the methadone clinic!
You get beat so steady, you'd think a metronome did it!
First, you get the 'bow: Riddick
The left to go wit' it


When I put lashes on your cheek, it ain't from Eskimo kisses!
I could box with both fists, have every punch land
Or just to prove a point to them, make this 3-0 with one hand
To get props
Pinky in the air while I sip scotch
Middle finger through your round
Nothin' you say in this ring pops!
Yo, let's state the facts:
Y'all might have to play this back
But when you piece it all together, those the type of lines that created SMACK!


YO!
So, Glu', Joe, Mike, and Nunn Nunn can play they new roles
But I was the first White to watch
I made this HUE BLOW!!!


AYO!
I had buku runs before you new-school bums
Laid the blueprint for everything that you do, Rum
Knew Smack and Beas' before I knew what YouTube was
I could even explain in detail what NuNu does!


(We wanna know! We wanna know!)
And I was self-taught
My education was intuition
School of Hard Knocks, paid my own dues....and tuition
I use my aggressive disposition to get to this position
That L I took didn't end the mission, that was intermission
I'm still player
The truth is, Mook did me a real favor
When he gave me that box...it made me a hell-raiser!


Plus, I never been a grudge-holder, or an axe-grinder
I never-
AYO! Watch your mouth!
(*scoffs*) Watch YO' mouth, nigga!
Well, I never been a grudge-holder, or an axe-grinder
I just passed by ya
If you a roadblock, I'm a fast driver
Even without no gas or a flat tire
I'm that writer who could turn the whole map into flat-liners!
On paper, I got pad after pad for you manginas
Hittin' keys, a gig of these for you bitches like Quagmire


When I slap, my last time on Smack White, it got Crab hyper
Heard him talk like he had what it take to attack Iron
But you DIED soon as the contract was signed, and the bag wired
'Cause it ain't work out how you planned, 'cause I'm back FIRE!


[Round 3: Rum Nitty]
Aye, y'all know I represent the set regardless
Hella heartless!
Crip this, Crip that...bangin' every line like I telemarket


You way out your element
You'll get the chrome, Iron
I'm still not the one to meddle with!
Them sub-par bars won't make it
You need extra
You gon' have to try angles together like the Star of David!


I lift joints
Two Desert Eagles, one up, one down...look like a six-point!


You SEE this shit!?
There's a good chance he'll die
And what I got for Iron in the jeans increases it


Buncha Rum flips, I'm TIRED of 'em!
How long you gon' yell that Rum bull (rumble), like Michael Buffer!?


Shells is bustin'
Mask on...I fire the iron on Iron like I'm welding somethin'!
We workin' with bangers!
So if I catch a white face in the hood...you'll see about 36 chambers!


You KNOW I'm gon' clap!
I let it go, it caught Iron in the face: Home Alone trap!


You could rap about how you lift the piece
It's not enough, Iron
They'll find your body with the fish in sea (deficiency)


Said he had the Cal' out wildin'
Lyin' 'bout how he let it fly...the Bow Wow Challenge!


This .380 gon' spark him
Either that, or I'm whippin' the 12: Players' Club party!
Say it loud!


This whole battle random
But you watchin' Iron get smoked against The Animal: I'm cattle-brandin'
If he TRY, he DYIN'!
Get ya whole side ignited
Just bought a Ladder 49: I'm a firefighter!


Get your squad aired, weapon to dump
Put seven in one, then they tryna give ya dawg years


You niggas gossip like a bitch!
You know the Claw Game machine?
Well, keep playin' wit' the Quarter 'til there's a body on the grip!
I SMASH dome in
Hospital bed will be ya LAST moment
Your vital signs will go from "Mr. Wavy" to Ave slogan!
Aye, you know what? I don't PLAY like that!
'Cause it was lookin' like a "V-A", and now it's straight like that!


You KNOW that he dyin'!
Extendo hangin' out the nina: I'm 30'in' Iron!


BITCH...you can't keep it real yourself
Nigga, suicide, or I'll do the job, you decide
Kill yourself!


I ain't gon' rap 'bout your background or origin
Cause I don't have to rap 'bout the band now to score a win


And I ain't gon' put Diddy in my lines to chalk him out...
Who the fuck am I kidding, that's all I'm gonna talk about!


That MTV show we all thought was a sham
But your no-name wack rappers were the fraudulent scam
Only kept you on the show cause you fought with your hands


Couldn't make one single good song with your fam
And Puff got the nerve to call you a band?


Your shit flopped, you get dropped, you call him your man!?
You quit rap to pitch crack, you call that a plan!?
I've seen the piff bags this kid has, you call that a gram!?
So now he wants to face the greatest, trying to get a million views in
But even if he win tonight, the kid'll still be losing
Puff a paper gangster and I bet he really screwed him
Whatever dough he make tonight, Diddy's still recouping
See, for you, signing with Puff, was like getting fucked by Lexington Steele
But Ness Lee still squealed like "Thanks Puff, that's one heck of a deal!"
Singing "Do wah diddy, diddy, dum diddy do"
But you owe Diddy 'til Diddy's done dicking you
So now he begging Puff for a second chance at the game
"I'll learn to sing, I'll dance in the rain, at least put me in Danity Kane!"
Then he make a blog complaining and bitching about different shit
Begging Puff for his walking papers but Diddy won't let him dip
So now he's back to claiming Bad Boy and swinging from Diddy's dick
Just to come to battle this sucker had to get a permission slip
See Ness walk to Brooklyn, see Ness walk home
See Ness braid Sean's hair and fetch Sean's combs
See Ness' ashy kneecaps and scuffed-up calves
From kneeling down, blowing smoke up Puff's ass
See, Ness makes music that's blunt guts trash
So when he played his two hits for Puff, Puff passed
So now your whole life is a big fat mess
Dropping mixtapes that couldn't have an impact less
Getting food stamps mailed to your chick's address
Still sad cause you failed on them gym class tests
You a tax write-off, Puffy gets that check
Then spends your advance on a big black Lex'
Get a fitted hat next, that look Tic-Tac fresh
To match his Sean John shirt that says "No Bitch Ass Ness"
So he googled "nerdy white battle rapper", thinking he got my number
Not knowing he'd been watching Soul Khan all summer
No one's scared of you, Vanessa, it's not no Wonder
You about as real as Robert Downey, in Tropic Thunder


You silly big willy, you faker than Milli Vanilli
You don't really think you a killer, do you, Magilla Gorilla?
See, this Jew could face off with Adolf and still not take a loss
So, I don't need to let the eight spark to outline him in gray chalk
I hope you came equipped with a plate and fork
'Cause what I'm delivering is straight talk
I usually drive to Junior's, but this shit is a cakewalk
.
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Nocando vs Dizaster
Grind Time Now
Mac Lethal vs Dirtbag Dan
Grind Time Now
Dumbfoundead vs. Tantrum
Grind Time Now
[Round 1 - E. Ness]
I told myself if he said one word about my fight with Fred
I'd stick a fuckin' Rambo knife in his head, yeah
Cause ain't no way this cracker getting this bread
I'mma long-dick and drop-kick his bitch out the bed, yeah
So it's me against the great white hype
With bright lights on South Beach, that's fight night
This time y'all better have my fucking mic right
Cause when I kick a fucking hole through his chest it's night-night
So what your life like?
Cause for the right price, I'mma do him like Suge did Vanilla Ice-Ice
Let him go, fuck it you never know
Cause when you skip town, I'm still around, I'm letter O
I'll call dap and doe like it's John McEnroe
I'm about to serve his ass back to the white rapping show
You've been cruising for the bruising, I've come to this conclusion
You picked me out to be the one to give you this contusion
This is not an illusion, so there's no confusion
Fuck you, your man and the entire movement
Fuck it, the day you was born, let's get to it
You was hoping the airplane crashed that I flew in
So you wouldn't have to face me, but after this they gon' hate me
For baking imitation Slim Shady
Solomon, how many swords you've been swallowing?
Let me find out it's my name you've been hollerin'
Cut off his oxygen, Sugar Ray Robinson, I'm Allen Iverson
Cross him out his Wally Moccasin
Keep your fucking mouth shut, I'll shoot your mama house up
And gangbang that bitch cause I know she don't get out much
The battle shit is ours
And you know the loudest one in the room gon' be the coward
Pushin' up flowers, pullin' on sour
'Bout smack this little Backstreet Boy from out his trousers
Wowser, while they give me Doogie Howser
I'mma let the uzi holla at his medulla oblongata
Tell Andy Milonakis I'm shootin' in his pockets
Like I'm shooting for the rockets
Put two up in his noggin, he knew I was a problem
But fuck he ain't train hard
You so fuckin' wack I don't have to play the race card
To keep it real you wasn't even on my radar
When it's all known the only way you'll perform is at the gay bar
I'll be at the car lot, shittin' on this mallcop
When time share, I'll be at Time Square when the ball drops
You had your run son but this is where it all stops
I ain't wastin' no time, I know a soft spot
I'll chop your fat ass up into tupperware
And walk the streets of New York like I don't fucking care
I got the hawk and the revolver like a buccaneer
I'll get to cuttin' niggas up in here like a musketeer
See, you lame fucks always say the same stuff
It never change up, think it's a game 'til them thangs bust
Just like when Mayweather fucked Sugar Shane up
Except you get the same exact feeling from a cocaine rush
Fall back, he ain't all that
Before his face run smack into my baseball bat
I'll have him leaking out his baseball cap
With more skids than a race car track
The only time he travel is when he go to battle
Over 99 percent of the time, he's playing Scrabble
But if I see you up in Philly I ain't woppin' at you
I just say "Look, there go the worm from the rotten apple."
Yeah I got that cheesecake, let the desert eag quake
Clap until his knees break, like I won a sweepstakes
Got Philly chopped like it's all about a cheesesteak
But just one week in them streets will make you see straight
Ain't no fuckin' hold on, stay and get stole on
And get your fuckin' roll on and so fourth and so fourth
Push your fuckin' top back, T-Pain hot pack
Bitch I want my spot back, ain't nothing that could stop that
[Round 2 - Iron Solomon]
I feel like I'm at the gym and there's this little kid that I'm boxing with
Who's about to piss his pants to get a chance to mix up mittens with Solomon
And I'm holding back cause I know the fact this one good hit'll demolish him
I even let him win a little to give the kid a good sense of accomplishment
Like "Good job Elliot, you really did good shit!"
When really I'm thinking "Your breath smells like Big Foot's dick."


And as far as me getting fat, you know the reason I'm gaining weight?
Cause my hunger's doing what these other loser's training ain't
And your slut, she just gave me brain
And her mug looks like a baby ape
So this gut was my saving grace cause it covered her crazy face
So you damn fuckin' right I stay fatter than the next dude
And I'mma keep eating rappers, it don't matter what the venue
If it's beef that you after, I'll add it to the menu
But Ness, you a snack I'll take a nap and then digest you
See Jin was my appetizer, now I'm eating my next course
But people keep asking what am I competing with Ness for
I say "It's easy to lap this guy, so to me this is just sport."
And your career on tracks has died so I'm beating a dead horse
E Ness, you seem stressed, your career has regressed
You washed up and depressed, you need to press reset
You drink beer and chief cess, you pop pills and eat X
Boppin' your CD Ness, what we press is eject
From whores giving him free sex, on tour living in freakfests
Now you're living in p-jects, P.Os giving him pee tests
From just getting your feet wet, to dry snitchin' to detects
Like Jigga man Jay-Z said "You're living with some regrets."
Bad Boy destroyed your career, G Dep


Now you surround yourself with queers, Key West
Someone convinced you to battle here, Drect


By putting funny little things inside your ear, T-Rex
I know your people warned you Ness "Whitey's ill Och, beware."
But I'm going easy on you Ness, you mine as well not be scared
Plus I'm gonna win either way Ness, you mine as well not prepare
They just wanna see me anyway Ness, you mine as well not be there
See this kid is an illusion to me, but on the internet he's googling me
Take your Blackberry out bitch, twitter that you're losing to me
Cause they're saying you're standing there for nothing was just wrong
Cause I guess Michael Jordan always needs someone to dunk on
And if I ain't the Jordan of the shit, there's no one that's closer
So I'll just go like this, and you go like this, and pose for the poster
But if you was LeBron James, then I'd be Dwayne Wade
We both graduated at the same time from the same grade
He was at the head of the class, on TV with celebrity acts
But that champion ring was one thing you never could grasp
I was slightly rated lower, had to fight to gain exposure
And that might have made me slower but now I have taken over
And I'm down in Miami's Heat, living my boyhood dreams
And for you done what I've done, you'd have to join my team
You a pissed off pipsqueak floating up shit's creek
The goals that you've had for your life, I reached this week
See, my career's beginning to grow, yours beginning on it's decline
In here I sit on the throne, you sittin' on the bidet
Because you ain't stackin' no more paper, your crap just got flushed
You ain't droppin' no new shit, your ass is washed up
[Round 2 - E. Ness]
From Philly, Pistolvania, to live at Grizzlemania
With a bag full of dust I bought all the way from Cambria
From 5th street, hotter than fish grease
So you fuck with D.M.C. who dick you on this week?
More powerful than Soloman, stronger than King Sampson
He got a following, fuck it I wouldn't chance it
I cut the music back up, I kept jammin'
Like I ain't hear him talking 'bout money, them niggas scrambling
I got word when I was in the spot gambling
How they hype his white ass up like he the champion
But what you really lookin' for is a companion
Somebody he can show how to fish and go camping
I can write out swiggly, slow jam 'em
Catch him with the right hand and reprogram him
To beat me, you gotta worship the Devil
I mean really know that nigga on a personal level
You can call me Magneto, how I work with the metal
We can settle out of court, pitchfork and a shovel
They told me $2,500, I said nah I ain't want it
But fuck it, I'll fly down just to punch him in the stomach
Push a couple buttons, keep the money comin'
I ain't chasin' youngin round, that nigga 100 miles and runnin'
You get it? That nigga Young Miles scared
For the fact that I'm a fuckin' werewolf out here
And I'm chewin' silver bullets, I advise you not to pull it
Now them funny punchlines ain't gon' work here, will it?
Kap I warned y'all, why you bring this cornball?
All way down Miami just to get his head torn off
I know you really want to call me a nigga
But you won't cause if you do it'd be a one-hitter quitter
Go and speak that bullshit on Twitter
I'mma ball you up and roll you in the Schuylkill River
Fuck he think he John Wayne? Nigga it's LeBron James
And times changed, I'm playing with the Heat and that's the mindframe
And I'm smoking haze, county called Dade with Dwayne Wade
I don't think we on the same page
So I'm teaching you a lesson, this a 2-11
So I'm shooting in the direction of your little rooting section
It's sad but it's true, you mad cause you poo
Me losing to this Jew'll be the last thing I do
It's the scab on the sore, the ass on the horse
All you do is talk shit and peel off when it's war
It's big shit, Terminator part 4
Bullets through his car door, fold him like cardboard
You wanna get hardcore? But you a sophomore
I'll pull out the deuce-deuce, Hit 'em with a hard four
For dickeating every rapper in sight
This the 40-year old virgin looking back at his life
Trying to gamble when you lost, now he passing the dice
But you can add a couple more hickeys after tonight
Don't talk about me getting choked out
That'll get you mowed out
Found with dick up in your mouth up in the dope house


[Round 3 - Iron Solomon]
So it wasn't Drect, it was Kap that was the Grind Time boss that was calling you
$2,500? That's all that they offered you?
If Tyler Perry produced Shrek, they'd probably cast you, Ness
'Cause you look like a fat Ninja Turtle with two necks
You like a cross between RuPaul, and a cue ball
So they take sticks to his face the second he steps in a pool hall
See, you acting bigger, but this action figure's too small
What I'm flipping gonna kick him into a box like foosball
Far as gangsters, you the biggest bitch of the century
This ain't even my verse, I'm just reading the words to his Wikipedia entry
It also said, you work at 7/11, at age 9 had sex with your reverend
And Lloyd Mathis was born in 1977
You were a 70's baby? And you 33 now?
You know where real rappers' careers should be when they're 33? Wow!
When Nas was 33, he premiered "Hip-Hop Is Dead"
Now Ness is 33, his career in hip-hop is dead
When Jay was 33, Hov worked to build the Blueprints
When Em was 33, he'd sold 30 million units
And Biggie Smalls' status as a legend's quite clear
And when he was 33, he'd been dead for 9 years
And in 33 A.D., Jesus and Judas died
So in his 33rd year, E. Ness gets crucified
So now you can finally see through Jesus' eyes
How to be on the losing side of getting beat by a Jewish guy
Now y'all tell me which one would seem like a huge surprise?
Seeing a genius get stupefied or watching this geezer get euthanized
See I should whip yo' ass worse, but this geezer back hurt
So, since I'm in my prime, and you've peaked and passed yours
I'mma do some old-school shit, how MCs of past worked
And I'mma need the crowd's help, y'all repeat my last words
See, E. Ness got signed to Bad Boy by Diddy (Diddy)
But he don't make that real hip-hop like Biggie (Biggie)
So his whole rap catalog amounts to failure (Failure)
Y'all think I'm winning this battle right now say "Hell yeah!" (Hell yeah)
You know that feeling deep down inside while I spit my quotes?
Like you're the only one on the outside, of an inside joke?
That's cause this my throne, nah, this my home
I got mini-mes who would slaughter you, you couldn't diss my clones
I know some spitting pythons who be getting they rhyme on
Way better than E. Ness, my list is six guys long
The six men who recite songs better than you is Mysonne
And the top five are Dylon, Dylon, Dylon, Dylon, and Dylon


Battling me in Grind Time dawg is like facing Neo in Zion
I'm like some brand new linoleum, a fresh can of krylon
I'm them two turntables young Primo had his eye on
I'm the first time anyone turned Rakim's mic on
And as far as up-and-comers, I've followed them all
And honestly dawg you'd get abolished by Hollow Da Don


You couldn't trade words with Aye Verb, Okwerdz or Passwurdz
You'd get defeated from Concieted, demolished by Dizaster
(Even though he's a bitch)


You ain't nice as Madness, that's why you mad Ness
Compared to Arsonal, you horrible, don't try to match wits
And that don't even get to include Clips, Math
Nocando, X-Fact, Thesaurus to Illmac
Loaded Lux, I add the total up and you dead last
Right after Jae Millz, and MOOK's bitch ass, easy!


[Round 3 - E. Ness]
They like "Your majesty, we need another strategy
We duplicate his style then try to mix it in with Cassidy's"
They got the nerve to think the shit gon' work actually
Catastrophe, now his whole career is a tragedy
I'm stuck with what I'm stuck with, cause I don't suck dick
Still write Puff shit, but I ain't with the fuck shit
And motherfuck an album, my name still good
I still walk around the hood with my chains like I should
It's Slingshot, I wouldn't change if I could
Representing me unit with my name on the wood
You could team up with Okwerdz, Dirtbag, and Soul Khan
You still wouldn't blow with an Eminem co-sign
I cop a squat and take shit on your goal line
You wake up from a coma and walk straight into a clothesline
Took 8 weeks just to write that trash?
Rip the pages out your notebook and wipe my ass
Smear the shit all in your face and say "You like that grass?"
Chain swinging like Pacquiao, and it's lightening fast
Y'all ashamed of y'all real name
Cause that's why y'all niggas real lame
Cause all you do is dick-eat, bag-bite and steal game
But you can take your best shot cause I don't feel pain
We gon' still be in southern California, it's gon' still rain
Hit 'em with the kill-shot, way up on the hilltop
You ain't been on fire for awhile and I'm still hot
Nah, I don't deal rocks, I be in the chill spot
With highs so my lil' niggas suave when it still pop
This what you laughin' for? This what you askin' for?
The .44 turn Drew Carrey to Drew Barrymore
Sharp as a thumbtack, kick him in the nutsack
And use it as a flap to keep the dust out his butt-crack
You think it's all gun talk? Think it's all birds?
Think it's all metaphors? Think it's all words?
Two major record deals, workin' on my third
I got a 9th wonder catalog that niggas ain't ever heard
This faggot wear glasses, so fuck the scare tactics
Y'all lookin' at the next contestant on Fear Factor
So from this point on, and here after
He should be B.F.Fs with the StairMaster
It's been awhile since I got in the gym, calisthenics
See how much fat I could trim
Got your back against the wall, I got my back to the wind
He gained 700 pounds, I'm still fatter than him
My bitches wouldn't look at you, probably throw a hook or two
When god made weirdos, he threw the fuckin' book at you
I know your folk back home, they was pushin' you
But deep down inside you know I end up cookin' you
Now pick another route cause you never had clout
And while we're on the subject let's talk about his spouse
I'll fuck her in mouth, fuck her in the house
I'm skeeting on the living room, bustin' on the couch
I'm the one she fuckin' when she says she's goin' out
We even got this sex tape you don't know about
It go right stroke, left stroke
East coast, fresh coast
The bitch suck me off so long she got strep throat
Ay yo I'm super disrespectful
This .38 special put this chump underwater and his daughter in a pretzel
Niggas in my city wanna see me take an L
Cause they can't fuck with me, they just want to see me fail
They jealous of me cause they should've never fell
In the gristle while we flippin' nickles in the wishing well
And tell that chump Passwurdz, I'mma have the last words
I dot I's and cross T's, Jamal Mashburn


Nigga you'se a Christian rapper
I grab ya bitch then slap her
Don’t confuse me with these rap niggas
Cause I'm that nigga that's show up to ya service and get you wet up in that bitch, it ain’t a baptism
Nigga you wish you was a black nigga, I can tell by how you carry yourself
Aw, there's six of y'all, that's cool, y'all gon' be the pallbearers cause this casket can't carry itself
Nigga I'm self made
I get it in early plus I work late
I’m in the spot with seven pounds, a couple ounces
Trap soundin’ like ya birth weight
Nigga I came in strapped, y'all don’t wanna try it
Desert Eagle, bitch I'm armed with the bird like a fuckin' pirate


Nigga silencer on the pistol, it's sounds like {Shhh} when I shot him in the dome
Cause the ratchet quiet like wifey on the phone
Leave me alone
Cause you can be right wit’ God and even write wit' God
But when that .40 hit you, BAOW, eventually you'll be right wit' God
Nigga you's all types of odd
Only way I'ma lose if I choke 'cause I'm be fucked up with the preparation...
Sike (Psych) Ward: you must be crazy!
I came to kill, I don't give a fuck who know I did it
Broad day, so y'all can see me knockin', I even let Jehovah Witness
Boy I'm gifted, y'all don't compare me to cuz
Cause I know he soft, ya boy a bitch, he ain't never been in the spot
Pyrex pots, baking soda and shit
Coin toss, before the rap, I was always lookin' for a quarter to flip
I done caught real bodies in real life, the type of shit you can't debate
And all my niggas either hollerin' out Cuz or Blood, that's cause they're gang related
My name is hated, cause I'm known for jumpin' out, runnin' and shootin' in this shit just like a Laker
Remember I used to hold it sideways, but now my aim gettin' greater
See look, I done ran down on so many niggas y'all done thought it was liquor that I gave him
Cause even though they was straight shots they still came with a chaser
And you?! Should've came wit' a blazer and been suited for death
Two to ya chest
Whoever wit' you, your whole crew gettin' rocked once the Ruger gettin' shot
Code word: Maury Show
(What that mean?)
This ratchet tryin' to figure out who to pop
Fuck that though man, cause I done burned 100 geeks
You believe in God? Well, turn the other cheek
And when it's real, you can tell, you can see it in they eyes
It's yo' turn so make niggas believe them lies
Nigga time
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
What Did I Miss?
Drake
Gnarly
KATSEYE
So Be It
Clipse
[Round 1: A. Ward]
Geechi 3-0!
Man, these fans sweated my ops though
But it's cool, I saved the files and came bully prepared for that block stuff
I told Hunnit, I got two requirements before I sign on that dot bruh
Make sure the battle locked in and you ain't locked up
Wichita, my plate finally arrived, let's get to this potluck
Miss me with the code word, "what that mean", and the pop stuff
It's the same bar over and over, it is not tough
I own a gun, if I gotta use it, it's legal when the Glock busts
So the serial registered if the toy put you in a box, that's how you pop stuff
Wait, soda, cereal, the toy in the box, ain't that that Pop stuff?
I prayed about this battle twice, I figured I needed it before I started screamin' at Geechi
The second was for forgiveness after I leave him deceased
Cause the first amendment (amen meant) I exercise this freedom of speech
Oh you Crip? Gang bang? Keep the piece? Hug the toolie?
I'm a Christian, my gang bigger, the peace I keep, I love that truly
I follow his will (wheel) like mud flaps, but it ain't nothin' to give you a blood bath Goofy
Oops, I said, "Blood"...and Cuz set (cassette) a different color like The Rugrats Movie!


I don't play, you gettin' outclassed like a snow day
Geechi. Gotti, that's the alias you picked for them to quote aye?
Geechi? Gotti? Well I put an end to both names
I move different
Y'all find a cold body, stuffed up in a coffin (coughin') he had flu symptoms
Don't assume your stock higher cause it's Smack, I could strike anywhere, I bring fire to the match
Here's the thing, when you sell fake hair to pay for studio time it gets a laugh
And it makes sense that we've (weave) not so (sew) inspired by your tracks
You fake chump
Right now Geechi mad and wanna say somethin'
Like, "On Crip cuz I don't sell weaves. It's just wigs, bundles and lace fronts."
It's cool, y'all can laugh yeah but it seems we have some commonalities in our path here
Cause you tell your clients "Wigs over weaves"
And I too have been itched to talk to these SMACK heads
URL, they broke ground in Cali, it started to pop
Stuey and Glue, placed you in the dirt, that was part of the plot
You showed growth after bein' watered, now they can market ya stock
But this corn rose (rows) to be picked by me in Kansas
Smack just out here harvestin' crops
On Tech you trash, man you the idol they watch?
You got locked up and outta jail before the microwave stopped
Don't get it twisted
I done heard or Rolling 60's, that set known for trouble
But as fast as you got outta jail, what set you in? Rollin' Doubles?
Facts are facts
If snitches get stitches, you and your suitcase homie would have to match
Let me try it, code word: "Card games"
(What that mean?)
Well if Solitary confinement can't hold 'em, they normally come back a rat (baccarat)
And I got more, dude
Word to your West Coast group, I'm finna torch you
If Nitty don't like it, tell Rum he can catch war too
I'm that nice
I will scrap!
A field rat? I don't feel that
This the midwest we only rock wit' real cats
Not these "singin' cop-a-deal cats"
So Wichita, tell 'em to take Gotti and GIVE US YBN STEEL BACK!
You hear them cheerin', Gotti!? That's 'cause I'm nice, and every step is beautiful
Your shirt say "Original Men Wear Black"
Good: they already prepped for your funeral!
I'm goin' off!
So tell 'em: while I was readin' epistles, you was keepin' a pistol
I know that trash easy to write
Bring up my faith, and my race...you gon' need it tonight!
Round 1!
[Round 2: Geechi Gotti]
That was great, holmes
That was dope, that was amazing, shit
You was rappin' yo' heart out, fool
He was rappin' his heart out there
I was thinkin' those bars came from God or somethin'...
Nigga, you'se a BITCH!
You rap about all them shootings and shit?
Nigga, I don't believe it, 'cause I know you don't mean that shit!
All them guns you was just rappin' 'bout, I really seen that shit
Extensions, rubber grips, silencers, beams and shit
I had all of that on the strap, first time when they arrested me
I was only a kid
Cops was like, "What you doin' with this?"
I told 'em I don't play with toys without the accessories
Nigga you can't mess wit' me
This a throw away anyway, you ain't even gettin' the best of me
And you still losin', you definitely ain't gettin' the best of me
Don't ask me why I took this battle if I ain't give a fuck
Just be happy you standin' next to me
Last nigga asked me a lot of questions, I shot him just for testin' me
A lot of questions/testin', you peep the level now?
Nina wit' me, I been through everything with this bitch
I think it's time we settle down
Nigga you'se a clown
Talkin' crazy, that's 'til I let the MAG fire
Boy I'll show up to ya church and have that chopper sing like a mass choir
Nigga you not a god, you a boy, but you got these niggas believin' in him
Baow, baow, baow, bullets be the only thing I be leavin' in you
Fuck puttin' a price on yo' head, cause a head shot is cheaper to do
Baow, got yo' boy there tryin' to figure out what Jesus will do
What type of people is you? Tryin' to save souls at a rap battle
Tell the truth, I don't know what you want more; eternal life or a SMACK battle
You want a SMACK battle but URL ain't callin' ya phone
And this nigga really sad about it
He went home called Joel Osteen, yeah you even told ya dad about it
I thought you was fuckin' with Kirk Franklin, you know
Singin', "Are you wit' me to the GP."
But instead of askin' God for strength, this nigga out here prayin' for a PG
I'm NB, my .40 addicted
The first time I shot I couldn't stop, it was like Pringles
Gun in his face, this the closest he ever been to a ratchet without Christian Mingle
I don't want to hear shit but **blatt** when this bitch get clapped
Full body cast, this the only way I'm tryin' to see this Christian (w)rap
Now these is facts
You a fuckin' clown
You one of them, "I'm cool. I just wanna be down."
I'm just sayin', you think you get more money than me off rap?
I mean, that's the topic
Up here lyin' about his dollars that's how I know he a false prophet (profit)
Instead of all this battle rappin' you should be teachin' us to love a God and that's a fact
I think A. Ward should be awarded for bein' the biggest hypocrite in rap
I'm just sayin' though, you talkin' crazy dawg, I keep a Glock close
Nigga I done stirred up mo' beef than a pot roast
You really trash man, and you still here dyin'
And I'm not lyin', this nigga's ass
A fuckin' donkey
Y'all thought I came all the way to Wichita to lose to a honkey?
Cause these niggas believe in you, cause that's amazin'
Cause you up here fightin', but still dyin'
They tryin' to figure out what you on this stage for (four) like a cancer patient
You pussy, and ya man's is
We in Wichita, I'm connected with the shooters, I bet you I can show you where the can's is (Kansas)
Nigga time
[Round 2: A. Ward]
He said if there was a lot of questions with it that went on, and the gun was testin' him
Y'all reactin', I was like, "The wasn't the wildest answer."
But let's be honest, all the stuff that you been doin' is kinda lack prep and wack and honestly, it ain't the proudest banter
Cause I would've said a better gun bar, like him? Shoot, the Kansas bar about bringin' the cans out
He'll click three times and take you outta Kansas
That's different
So your other name is Bay Loc and you part of the C's
Let me get this straight, you rival the Bloods, but your Crip name starts with a "B"
And your day one's call you- you know what? Forget it
I'm wit' it, let's see this clown fight, what up Bay?
Nah, bro that don't even sound right
What up Loc, I'm cut throat, your block gettin' that Nutty paper?
And you bangin' big like chubby chasers
No, you broke, you turn yourself in every month cause you homeless with bummy neighbors
And when things pop off, you ain't got a pad to hit like rugby players
Left Side Connection?
Bro your leader went out and created a fake squad
And we ain't seen him in nine months since he got smoked in Cali by Tay Roc
Daylyt trash, and tell Danny Myers it's gon' take a lot more to hurt the minister
I don't believe in a parallel universe, the cross was perpendicular
That's three shot down, let me get back to Geechi
Cause I'm sure he got an extendo longer than a...longer than a B. Dot round
Now who said Gotti the GOAT? Probably the folks
You misfire, the kid dies, Gotti a ghost
Smokin' or non smokin'? What side will he go?
Find out after he Dead see (Sea) where the body will float
I could care less 'bout your resume and how you've faced three vets
While you was doin' that, I was on the streets preachin' 'bout who gave me breath
So in a sense, I too was barkin' on the Ave with JC texts (Tech)
Respect
But you next up, prob'ly? No
'Cause outside of Madflex, the rest of the West suck
And guess what? My setups godly
The best stuff, blessed, bruh
The left slump aki
You get ya head bust, chest, gut, body
You down 1-0 already...Dizaster ain't the only one playin' catch-up (Ketchup) Gotti!
Bruh sucks, I've been sick, endless, come get ya buzz cut
You talk that Cuz stuff? All C's?
Your craft crazy? You cookin' cats in the camp crusin'?
I talk that Blood stuff
Wait, that ain't a typo (type-O), A (B) be positive
Either ride with IV or get hooked to that for a transfusion
Ya man losin'
Aye! Ruin Your Day, ya man losin'
And y'all gon' go crazy for every wack, average, sacrilegious that he swears off
All he gotta say is, "I smoke blunts outta Bible pages" or "I smash ya chick and bust a nut on a prayer cloth" and y'all go nuts
Not me though, my ways are innovative
I never had to disrespect a mother, lady, baby or grave to mimic hatred
You promote the vulgarity, get on stage and entertain it
Keep a .38, a .45...bro I'm just prayin' you make it to those ages
They said I can't kill Gotti
His whole team runnin' with sticks like field hockey
I came to honor God, if he swing I will rock him
That means I'm puttin' (pudding) pops first before I sleep the victim like Bill Cosby
I'm nice!
You got way more than a little problem
I'm keepin' tabs and you couldn't handle the bills son
You should've backed out like the fake Tech 9 (Tech N9ne) told you
But since you in the midwest, allow me to channel the real one
He? Better than me? Negative please
Every letter is clever to set up defeat, beheaded the beast, impressive with speech
Christ said let it be light but I said "Let it be Geech'" capeesh?
I never gave in for the gwap
You not in Cali, I don't care where you from, been or you rock
Bring that bull over (Bulova) here, Guess I leave G Shock-ed while the Citizens watch
And you can be Straight Outta Compton and still go straight into a box
I don't play
Go ahead, tell them while I was in Sunday school talkin' 'bout Noah's Ark
You had two Eagles and two Llamas and two Hawks
That trash easy to write, bring up the collection plate, the false prophets, Adam and Eve, you gon' need it tonight
That's round


[Round 3: Geechi Gotti]
That nigga said ".38's, .45's, I'm just prayin' that you make it to that age." and that was nice
But I'm different Cuz, I'm hopin' that you dyin' tonight
You said "Dizaster, he ain't the only one playin' catch up (ketchup)"
Well you must heard (mustard) that I'm from Compton and murder ain't shit to us
You ain't know? I had the pistol tucked
Bullets like the holy spirit, it'll lift you up
"Oh Gotti, but ain't God ascend?"
BAOW, when you get there, tell God I ain't give a fuck, nigga
The jig is up, I'll really front page you and have these people read about you
But we can scrap, Cuz, I'll beat the Blood of Jesus out you
And listen, I do believe in God you bitch ass nigga, cause I done been shot
And He the reason I ain't die
You right, I been to jail, and I got out and He the reason why
But see I don't gotta glorify my relationship wit' God to give me place with this battle shit
Cause I don't even care that you Christian
I already planned on booking you after this
Nigga that MAC will spit, shells will go in your back and shit
Bullets will roam in (Roman) like a Catholic
Nigga pass the fifth
My gun just like ya Bible cause I stay wit' it
They ask me, "How the fuck do I believe in God" but in that same breath I got the K kickin'
Because I understand, God ain't the reason I shot ya dumb ass but he is the reason I got away wit' it
You stay bitchin', and rappin' 'bout churches in ya battles, that shit been done
Cause we always hear you talkin' 'bout churches
BAOW, now at your funeral we can actually see you in one
Big gun, I just bought another one, I'm a real street nigga
I'll break up wit' a bitch based on where her brother from
Is you even from the streets? Cause he don't really seem like it
We was 13 pullin' kicked doors, I'm talkin' kids robbin' (Robin) like Teen Titans
Nigga we ridin', this .40 cool, I can make it work
I keep havin' visions of caskets but I always see you in like ya favorite shirt
Nigga the .80 squirt, cause where I'm from, dyin' is an accomplishment
See they hate you when you livin', but when you die they start givin' you compliments
That type of shit don't make no common sense
But I'm convinced, there's a lot of niggas that got guns that don't really be poppin' shit
Cause you couldn't imagine how many bitches I caught lackin' wit' it like confidence
Yo consequence? That depends on yo' actions
So don't be thinkin' that shit's sweet
Cause death is real and that shit can really can get deep
I mean, cause where I'm from, real niggas comes in all shapes and sizes but the majority of 'em is six feet
Nigga the cemetery filled wit' niggas who had potential
They just ain't grasp it yet
Got me askin' God why they had to die, them questions He still ain't answered yet
But it's cool, no Biggie, I'm just showin' y'all how it's Notorious how niggas lose Faith after Death
I'm blastin' TEC's at his top, oh yeah it scorched him
Y'all tell Ichabod Crane, we just found the headless Horsemen
No bullshit, nigga you could really get shot in the mouth or pistol whipped 'til the gun break
Half the can' on ya head like Oscar The Grouch
Nigga I really doubt that you had to bury one of yo' niggas
And you standin' right there and you can really see his soul leavin' as the plot fill
And you sittiin' there thinkin' to yo'self like, "Damn Cuz. This shit not real."
But then you gotta tell his son like, "Don't worry 'bout it. He with God now."
And that lil' nigga respond like, "How come that nigga wasn't wit' him when he got killed?"
Nigga I'm on the block still where niggas shoot to kill
'Cause where I'm from, before a preacher reach you, usually a bullet will
So you can get up here and rap your fuckin' heart out, screamin' and hollerin' and try to get you a check
I don't give a fuck, I do this for real niggas tryin' to get my respect
Nigga you'se a bitch like I said the first time, this the second time
Everythin' you rap about you fuckin' lyin'
And in this ring today, you fuckin' dyin'
{Pfft pfft} Three lines across ya shirt, I ain't fuckin' lyin'
Got that same facial hair like a fuckin' lion
No bullshit, lookin' at this nigga got me dyin' laughin', I'm like really fuckin' cryin'
Like he sleep, I should put him to sleep, put him to bed
Head shot, put somethin' deep in his head, this nigga gon' dread like his shit twisted
Baow, yeah, get this bitch lifted like a breast job
What else? Round nigga
Time


[Round 3: A. Ward]
One thing we got in common: we all human
You said, "Have you ever had to bury ya homie and have a conversation wit' his son."
What I would say to him is in Isaiah 43 it says the "fire, floods and rivers will come. But God'll help you walk through 'em."
And you question, "Where was He at?"
Have you ever thought that maybe he allows trials to happen because those seem to be the only times you talk to Him?
**Geechi you'se a bit-**...aggressive bro
Chill please
I mean you think it's difficult to write how you write? Keep it real G
I bet when you was runnin' base in the field, it was nothin' to slide in the metal like steel cleats
Keep it real Geech'
They said, "Gotti got me." No God, He got me, don't sleep wrong
As for me and my house, He covers the flat like wing sauce
On the contrary, URL calls my phone every day, I know cause I screen calls
But it's always the same, "You gotta do a PG A"
Well I guess this is where I tee off
As far as you, you past basic, last place, trapped in a match with a class favorite
And I got a knack for bein' hotter than bare feet in the summer on black payment
It's all over, a body, Axe fragrance
I'm in more than one battle too, go ask Satan
I just took this feet first so hop in the bag we sack racin'
I lack patience with these battle rap cats and they wack trainin'
It's always the same one, two, three, set up, trash statement
Mixed in a bag with bad cadence, gat blazin'
Stumble, choke, Jersey, can't think of a word so you pass on ya round til ya buzz stops, we catch phrases
And that's the difference between us, don't act flagrant
I just don't buy into it wit' money, I'm cash savin'
Cause all you do is add a little bit more to a buck, it's taxation
So a free PG? Hell nah, I need a fat SMACK payment
Just to show up to a Born (Bourne) Legacy, I'm Matt Damon
It's YTG, shout out to Ness Lee and Mickey
The facts (Factz) are, y'all allow these personalities to win battles off of the character while completely disregarding the "having to rap" part
Not I though, I get to show out to Bill Collector next
Knot eye, Showout vs Bill Collector
He been foolin', it ain't nothin' for me to snap over the lines
My pen a trait (penetrate) check out the swim move
Miss me if you don't know my history, it's like you skipped school
Y'all seen me vs 'Tez, I left my mark just playin' on court (Cort'), like I forgot to wear the gym shoes
Forget you
No side bar, He forgives you
And I'd be remiss if I didn't mention sin and how death was the wage for it
But God, He sent His son, it's beyond cool
Lebron school, I promise the King paid for it
Let's turn up, I ain't a church kid
I heard you got a battle next week, well I got first dibs
Tell SMACK, change his flight, hope you get money back on what he paid
Cause now Gotti across the street at that cemetery
Yeah, I put red flowers on ya grave
Don't worry, I did them a favor
Everybody knows Summer Madness ain't the same
Without startin' a battle bringin' a casket on the stage
You dead!
It's over in fact
Your slogan is, "When it's real you can see it in their eyes."
Makes a lot of sense that yours stay closed when you rappin'
Bro, quit wit' the intimidations
You don't learn from your mistakes you entertain 'em
I know this freedom has been amazin', but your lifestyle isn't changin'
You got two sons that ain't tall enough to slap a backboard
But every week they was touchin' the glass at visitations
Don't that piss you off? This discipline hurts me more
That I gotta reach for the belt
But this for every night that you weeped in a cell
Every time you told God you'd change if He just help
Every prayer you forgot you prayed when you were released by your bail
You have a story of perseverance, you're free from that Hell
And you have the potential to impact people, teach them to excel
I know you want to change, but you go right back to the streets and then fail
They said I can't crack yo' armor
But tell me, what good is believably if it's obvious you don't believe in yaself
Look I ain't come to get personal witchu
Just know I brought enough bars to body you and every person that's witchu
And tell Joe, Ryda, Jakk, all them bums, I got a hearse and it fits 'em
They can fall in line
Wichita, God is good
(All the time!)


You 'bout to catch an L
I just beat you the fuck up
For real for real
You'll get stole
Stumble...to the horse, back into that pole
Now it's a carousel
Off the rip, believe he dyin'
A clean sweep, three-peat
I got the cheat sheet rhymin'
They say the alien sittin' on bars


{crowd} Like E.T. ridin'


I'm nervous for you
'Bout to be a cold murder
Show over, closed curtains he threw
Just watch how urgent I move
I can't wait, I'm 'bout to send yo' Spirit, right out the gate, A
And it's gon' be terminal too (2)
It's not debatable, you know he came to losе
Face it, only thing they can do is pray for you
You get a razor so play it cool
Hе won't make it
If I grab a blade and (N) slash A , he's not available
Raise and shoot
Hit a punk with a Nickle
This is chump change
Fuck a hater
My only target is the paper, it's the gun range
Turn yo' bitch to a white widow, it's a bud strain
Gun butt, whip a Horse all in the grill it's a Mustang
Too much anger
You in danger
Revolver, dump and hold the shells there, like a noodle strainer
Out of you and the whole group, please, tell me who the anchor?
I'll squeeze and let it bam by the (Bambaataa) leader; Zulu Nation
The boy just lost
If he played the pieces to his chest (chess), and I don't just talk
Watch how you move king, you gon' get captured one (k)night
And I'ma take a Horse head off
Silencer
Nigga hold that noise, I pulled the pole
He tried to run for the doe bad choice
I'ma smoke that boy
Then to the Lord is where you're goin' Horse (hoarse), after one round, like O-Red voice
I'll beat you the fuck up, he won't even have a chance
Keep thinkin' that I can't
Steph Curry, one shot he gon' night-night
That's what he get for sleepin' on the hands
I done killed a nigga who's (Hoosier) teammate
Why would you wanna play?
Try Duke it out, and that's the sooner you gettin' cut today
A Wildcat, split him in half and I'll bring this Razorback, and see double A (NCAA)
I'm tryin' to watch 'em all burn (Auburn), torchin' y'all
Someone on his squad volunteered at the Wake for his (Forest) friend
Cause that was one of his boys he (Boise) lost
WHAT?!
Ward be like, "You're gonna talk about God the whole battle and end up losin' to me."
No
I'm gonna talkin' about guns the whole time and you end up losin' ya life to these
I'm not for play
If you not gettin' shot, you still gettin' dropped today
Go across your head with a wine bottle
Break the glass and leave a shard in A (chardonnay)
This can get physical A. Ward
Nitty get to trippin', I'll really lift and shoot A. Ward
I'm missin' screws, need to be checked into a mental institution
But that's something admitted to; a ward
Nigga fuck Chick-Fil-A
Get mad I'm with the fade
You'll get whipped, broke down
Tore up, that was a Triple A
I done lost my mind, it's apparent (a parent) my shit missin'
You either get help or fend (orphan) for yourself
[?], I'll send the whole group home, they all can vanish
Tried to warn Ward at the state I'm in, I ain't say nothin' false to (foster) family
Come to my hood, they gon' rob you casually
Strip you out your clothes with a strap
Take everything that was worn (Ward) off the Horse's back
I'm talkin' cavalry, we be talkin' stick talk
I'll shoot up this bitch
Do it with the mask off, at least two will get hit
At the same damn time, then I'm addin' 'Low Life' to my Future hit list
Blick lit, tryin' to make chopped cheese with the heat
Glock squeeze, he in shock, cop PTSD
You will really die if you try beefin' with me
I know y'all came to see Aaron (airing) live, but he was shot previously
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Nobody Gets Me
SZA
8am in Charlotte
Drake
Nu Jerzey Twork vs. Chess
URLtv
[A. Ward says to Rum]
Why you ain't say that one to Iron Solomon?


[Rum]
This nigga better run from danger
How the fuck you wanna be on SMACK but no profanity?
That shit funny ain't it?
I know you just wanna be original
But you prolly gon' have to custom make it
Up the banger and shoot a nigga
I made Saga convert to Blue Cross, I thought dude was Christian
But after this Horse you goin' on a t-shirt, and we gon' find out your True Religion
I'm through with niggas
You can't keep it real yourself
Nigga suicide-


[Crowd]
Or I'll do the job, you decide
Kill yoself!


[Round 1: A. Ward]
I said yo!
You gon' put a shard in A?
You musta got a bunch of weapons
And I don't care for
Said a whole bunch of NCAA teams and ain't go to college
But if he did I'd show up to this squares dorm
Then said, sleep me with the hands
We gon' talk to God before the bar you had to put 'em in prayer form
Let's talk
Surely wait, you don't understand
I'm crazy, I'm the terminal one, this grip'll send him to the Pearly Gates
So what I'ma give this C? 38
When it come to these rebuttals, damn I'm the GOAT
They switched the venue last minute, I wasn't a man of it bro
But got to talkin' to a couple of them bartenders like, "Maaan, this is dope."
You know Jasmine, she a Gemini
Her personality, she can handle them both
And Tiffany an Aries, I gotta cancel 'em both!
Geechi hit up KP like, "Riot event we gotta book Ward and Nit' bruh."
"But I don't know. In Compton he was comfortable. They was showin' him big love."
"We gotta make him uncomfortable. We can't lose another Crip cuz."
"How we gonna make him uncomfortable?"
"Let's turn it into a strip club."
Not knowin' the minute I walked in the door I put a 100 in the tip cup
I said he finna get zipped up, just how I'm settin' it off
My government name is Kimsey Aaron Ward, let that be a lesson to y'all
But I ain't have to tell the crowd that cause he already got a weapon to draw
Before the end of the battle y'all gon' know every name I ever been called
I am appalled
Anything you standin' to say, don't damage a great
Don't think A's cappin' cause we in the land of the braves
I was disgusted how you and Gotti handled the pay
Handed by Drake, how grand a mistake
I thought you was single father of the year in how you manage your cake
Watched you bow to another, split the money 50/50 and now you answer to Bay (bae)
He ain't a man he a fake
A follower too, EFB, Writer's Bloque, Homi, [?]
You've been a worker in all of your crews
When they hit my line I said, "Bet. It's somethin' I'm honored to do."
Grippin' Biscuits versus Mr. Fix It, and what's a hammer to someone who got all of the tools?
I said I'm the truth, I switch up the moves freely
Wrote a clip for this dude weekly
I told y'all I cook cousins, all the Crips I'ma do greasy
Cause Suge ain't do it
Ars' ain't do it
Geech' ain't do it
Yeah, this gon' be too easy
Believe me
I study ops, buckin' shots, dumpin' Glocks, Rummy not
The C's fate'll (disease fatal) be in my hands; Monkey Pox
Lose to an Insane Crip? Buddy stop
They just a lock in A Ward go crazy on Nutty Blocc
I said you'll get a box
I promise this is not what you want
All them bars about that action you all talk
You a chump
I watched Nu Jerzey Twork disrespect you in person
All you did was walk off like a punk
You mean to tell me in that moment the great Rum Nitty forgot how to punch?
Yo you a bum
I'm electric with this
Passion I'm filling my pen and this paper is something to watch
He reppin' his clique I rap in this building, they reminisce later cause Rum in this box
I said what I got
Wait up, let's have some fun
Y'all want to learn to rap like Nitty?
Cool, this how he come with lines
First you gotta pick a weapon
Now pick which word you want to use for the gun this time
Then you gotta pick one of my names
You can shorten it, they still gon' react to the punch it's fine
But this the most important part
You gotta make sure one of your setups just doesn't rhyme
Cause Nitty will be like, "I lift bangers galore
They said he the face of RBE?
Until I get this stainless involved
Name flips? I came with some more
It's gon' be a lot of Ward, and a Lil' Kim and the face won't be the same anymore."
GAAAAAHHH!
WHHHHHHHAAAT!
[Rum] But that did rhyme


[A. Ward]
I said to me this is a task
He is the best puncher ever y'all
Nit' isn't trash
Fonz, Magic, Danny all gifted with jabs
Plus the kid from the Yak
But you're what's left, over Mac(kk), 'til they let you put a lid on your craft (Kraft)
Now let's switch to the facts
You got big off of SMACK, but now it's the same 80,000 viewers who all click to react
I'm just listening to stats
While the real fans are out here tryin' to reminisce on the battles that you did in the past
Missin' all those punches
So when you sayin' "Get off the ropes"
The fans are saying, "Get off the app!"
Look this was a style clash
Fire/trash
You finna be mad as can be
Spend the whole round battling God and end up losin' the battle to me


[Round 2: Rum Nitty]
At an early age we was straight off the porch
They say what they'll do in another man's shoes but can't walk in yours
Fuck they talkin' for?
Listen, I'll end any mission and make y'all abort
Let it spray y'all for sure
It's war
Trip and this nickel is (Nicholas) takin' his Face/Off of Ward
I gave y'all a choice
Either catch one in the wig or weave these extensions
And that's really the main offer Horse (mane off a horse)
You catch the lesson?
I remember back when packs was selling
It was hella fiends who called to cop that white girl, that's a Karen
I'm tellin' you fam', I done witnessed death
In most situations you most def' would've ran
Shit, I'm prolly goin' to Hell it's a chance
Cause I'm really a sinner (center), I'm just being forward, like Kevin Durant
I'm stamped
You nice, but I'm nicer, keep it real
You dyin' up in here
And just like KD, they gon' find your body lyin' at the height of your career
That nigga Illmac checked Ward
Then he smoked you, he 3-0'd you
It was a death Ward
In a body bag is how you left Ward
Is any of this gettin' through your head or am I just beating a dead Horse?
I just copped a New Edition in Mint Condition that I'm finna test on y'all now
Told my Troop to barge (DeBarge) in the room Next
And get this Guy, Aaron hauled (Hall) out
Let's talk now
This ain't no place, for no Christian, nigga tell me I'm wrong
You go against yo' beliefs, what you speak, you already should know
And you prolly goin' to Hell on the low
Y'all remember Shaq's shoes that had the phone at the bottom?
You sellin' your sole (soul)
I gotta get at you, TEC in reach
I ain't finna wrestle
I'll give you three rounds, respectfully, like a compliment battle
I'll clap you
Just keep it rap at least or we gon' have a lil' talk after this A. Ward (award) like a Grammy speech
They said you won't deserve another big opponent after me
Exactly, preach
Cause I was thinkin' this should've been his last name in the first place like Carmelo Anthony
That's elite
It ain't easy when you tryin' to snatch respect, huh?
That's just the War of Conquest
And my fam' in (famine) it until Death come
Lead dump
You'll see red, your vision go black as you go from the white Horse to the pale one
Get ya bell rung
Disrespect, I'll shoot a Christian with a nail gun
This what Hell brung
They was actin' like I wasn't finna smoke you my nigga
Like, "You might as well forfeit
Hey nothing is stopping the Horses."
I said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down a minute."
I'll lift it
You'll take a shot, straight to the head
From the D'usse his Top got raised in that area; Fuquay
Sendin' you to meet ya maker when the tool raised
This steel'll give his life to God it's Boonk Gang
Dude lame
This gon' be a killin'
To do the job, he gon' need his whole squad
Cause Jesus wit' him
The first and second, I'ma just beat a Christian
Then you gettin' washed up in the Third Ward; Katrina victim
R.I.P. to victims
I'm a dawg nigga, authentic
Took over the game without havin' a PG, aye? (PG, A) (PGA)
When most would've got engulfed (in golf-ed) in it
Y'all bitches
They stay hatin'
With them light ass punches, you ain't hangin'
How the fuck a Horse supposed to eat if he don't have any haymakers?
If we have a fallout, we got a war
It's a game changer
They gon' have to go on a mission to save you
It's game data
K aimer
You can't keep it real yourself
[Round 2: A. Ward]
Game data
K aimer
Haymaker
This Horse finna eat for all the naysayers!
I told y'all, I'm the best freestyler ever
That's for all you too
I don't believe he shoot none of these guns
He ain't give all you proof
So when he said he shot a nail gun, that's all you do
He said I'm goin' straight to Hell and I sold my soul
They switched the thing to a strip club
I had to keep it real, I ain't panic
I brought the cross to the middle of KOD and now I'm feelin' real organic (Organik)
Let's slow it down
Y'all wanna have fun with a riddle?
What's a rumor start with?
Here's a hint, it shoot finger guns and it's brittle
Scope on a "drum" end in "rum"
He try to run for a little
I got a Target in a view (interview) too
And it's instrumental that "rum"s in the middle
Yo Cornell Powell
Let's have some fun now
Pow-ell?
Even your last name is a gun sound?
I don't believe he let off one round, only when the pen movin'
You don't really pow Powell- no you just kid shootin'
They say they don't think Nit' human
You mean to tell me he from outer space but every line a TEC spark?
You an alien, right?
Well we gon' break down exactly which kind with this next part
Is he Marvin The Martian? He put the sweeper to ya top
It go "kaboom" when he lettin' it flare
Or is he Avatar, I mean everything about him blue and we already know he got a (gotta) connect with the hair
Is he Alf? Cause he stay hidden, but he be in the kitchen waitin' to eat cats on the main screen
I think Groot, the tree, cause Geechi stand behind him and everything out his mouth is the same thing
I said let ya K squeeze
This who y'all don as king?
I'm a pastor that read Epistles and keeps a pistol, call ya team
I pick the word, up (Word!Up) magazine
It was all a dream
You 5'3" and I be trippin' over the smallest things
So tell your Toy Story's cause this metal arm will lift an alien in the air like the claw machine
Dawg it's me!
The URL catch, I be tryin' to have 'em all killed
Get you all broke down, know how Babylon feel
Put Rum on the floor like an alcohol spill
And make Chess (chest) pass like a basketball drill
Got a '63 vet' when I travel on wheels
Put a classic on the app like the battle y'all film
You on the app witcha raps while my catalog builds
On every server in the world like an Adderall pill
I said keep it real
Whoever Nit' wit' can get stitched with quickness
So run and check, this the south
We Big K.R.I.T. the witness like thick grits I lump 'em next
Play it safe, over time there's nothin' left
Back to my old ways, tied up, 4th Quarter; sudden death
Rum a pest
You better hope this close
They gon' go from yellin' "Yes Rum Yes" to "No Crip No"
He wore fake J's and was lyin' 'bout how he hold his toast
How you live a double life and you broke in both
Yo I'm the GOAT
Apart from God though, automatic behind the arc with shot's bro
To me the basket just look bigger like the cart at Costco
Rum bummy this lunch money the Ferragamo
His house dirty, with bugs and needs to be Raided like Mar-A-Lago
Yo that's Trump crib
Ya dumb kid what you done did
You think you some rebel
No weapon formed it, not even gun metal
My God so close with me that the playing field is unlevel
So I don't care if you're from that Arizona State, my God know how to son (Sun) Devil's
I don't think Rum's special
He finna be long gone
I ain't RNB, this yo' swan song
Watch who you step to clown
Cause this an L you (NLU) takin', and my charm ain't got a necklace 'round
So how's me pickin' the six pallbearers that best know how to rep you sound?
I promise it won't be no let up Nitty
Yeah, they gon' let you down
And this was a style clash
Fire/trash
He finna be mad as can be-


[Round 3: Rum Nitty]
Ayyyyyye!
Nigga said somethin' about some naysayers
It was way wack
Make a Horse disappear when the K clap
Hard to find him and it's gon' be hard to eat when he's the needle in the haystack
All three rounds I'm finna bring you Hell
Infrared, that's one dot for A, I'm teachin' braille
Drop the ball and receive an L
Eat a shell, let four off
After I deal with Ward dawgs (War Dogs) these guns'll be for sale
They said he nice, I don't even care
This shit easy here
I can leave Earth in my sleep like Steve McNair
Who he playin' with?
I'll pull a pole A(ye)
And go smoke A(ye)
Sound like a Canadian
Put the K to him
Spine shot, make it break out his chest, it's all he seen (scene) from the Alien
Thing again
Ya homie a faggot
You be in the same spots where Lo' (low) hangin' fruit, this an easy win
Bro will get smoked
His bitch tryin' to save him but he gon' fo' sho'
Ms. Parker, it's been over but she still holdin' the holes
I'm the GOAT
I'm not sayin' URL won't make the call and I'm not hatin' dawg
But the only time we seen Smack at award (A. Ward) it was Jada fault
You seen my Saga battle?
You seen my Saga battle?


[A. Ward] Oh bet. Yeah


[Rum]
I can't lie, that's what's up
Guess you got the app
I know you be watchin' like, "Fuck"
Mad at Smack, so you finally gettin' some payback; $8 a month
You'se a punk
But you say you the best in ya league
You must be smokin' some fire Ward, you think you better than me?
You need to come down off that high Horse, we really slide Ward
Try to run, then one from the steel'll (Steeler) catch a nigga like he's Hines Ward
You know what I noticed?
Against other white boys, when you can't pull your white card, you usually die Ward
Side bar
Why white people be changin' colors?
Red, peach and shit...usually pink
I'll choke you the fuck out
Hold ya neck 'til (teal) I see blue and green
You'll really die stupid
And I don't really waste time, you know how I do it
So it's instrumental that I get right to it
You'se a goofy
Willing to lose it all for a viral moment
Tellin' fake stories, tryin' to relate, but they all lies we know it
You ain't never felt pain or ever had to slide on no one
You don't know what it's like fightin' tryin' to get an appeal (a pill)
So the ache can stop but the I be probin' (Ibuprofen)
I told him, you'll get hurt badly
Face shot, give A one (A1) up front, it's a first class seat
You past weak
If you a Christian, why you be doin' all this extra reckless, talkin' 'bout stretchin' shit
I know you can protect yoself, I catch the drift
But you tellin' me all your material is based off self defense?
You'se a bitch
And either Gotti got you under contract, you property of The Riot, that's fo' sho' fo sho'
I'm lookin' at the homie like Django, I ain't ever seen a nigga on (own) a Horse befo'
And kill 'em all, I don't go for the talk
Take over your lane, then I'm closin' shit off
'Bout to go on a streak, they ain't got nothin' on me at all
Top dawg, they tried to label me, "New Era" I passed
Like, that ain't nothin' special dumb ass
I felt challenged
Which is probably why I sped through the class
Most feared in battle rap, that's a fact
Can never be Champion when top opponents duckin' back to back
And I'm left with the benchwarmers with lower numbers and half the stats
You after that
I'm strapped fam', 50 clip, slide in the machine, look like a CAT scan
MAC blam, drop the bomb on you
Then I hit 'Ooops Upside The Head', it's a Gap Band
These niggas really goofy
Swiss Army Knife, stick him up high
Or he get picked to the side, it's jury duty
Truly, I'll knot ya shit, I'm not convinced
They gon' say you failed the test after I drop you A (U.A.), I'm positive
I'm from poverty
I remember sellin' sherm sticks just to get a dollar
The pharaoh's daughter, I got a little profit (prophet) from the water
He's a goner
Stuck his neck out now fam' losin'
This ain't no Horse, this is like one draft in front of the GOAT; Sam Bowie
Goodnight


[Round 3: A. Ward]
Aye! He said "goodnight"
Usually before I say "goodnight" I eat some sort of snack
I do a lot of freestyles with writtens cause it's more than rap
In his last round he had all sort of gats
The .4'll clap
You leave Earth in your sleep like Steve McNair?
He ran into a Tennessee Titan and they ain't gettin' this Quarter back (quarterback)
Hold on, I ain't supposed to be spittin' gun bars
Strip club got me actin' a lil' different
I'm supposed to have a strong mind
Believe in God, God's grind
I do be changin' colors
Red, cause I been sittin' under the Son (sun) for a long time
Let's play aye
That's not somethin' that I waste Bay
I get him killed Bay
You know why you with the benchwarmers?
Cause the biggest battle of your life you proved you ain't got a real J
I AM THAT NICE!
I told 'em this gon' be an easy body
See the Horsemen are the humble ones, they tellin' me, "Ward, you gotta stop being cocky."
When Riot called I break the bank
I negotiate it be pissin' off Geechi, prolly
I need my bread
What I look like? Loso? Ha. I'm Greedy
Off rip, believe he dyin'
Clean sweep, 3-peat, I got a cheat sheet rhymin'
They say the alien sittin' on bars like E.T. ridin'
Then he went to Beasley cryin'
Like, "If I ain't on Summer Madness on Caffeine we slidin'
Now this where I step in
You mad cause the politics crept in
They don't understand how fast your check spends
When you got four kids tryin' to collect rent
Ask you to come do late notice battles on late prep, win
You do 'em favors, they don't pull through with your battles to protect them
So this is where your career with Mr. Can't Copy Respect ends?
Hold up, did we just become best friends?
I said hell no!
I'm finna do Nitty bad kid
I'm talkin' it's "snasty" like Gwitty adlibs
Dawg future is the worst
Went from havin' shooters on his turf to funeral and church
You brought all those punches for Ward, not realizing I do 'em in reverse


{Rum grabs the air to signify A. Ward is reaching}


No it's not a punch
You done done, Rum punch and a round turns quickly
I grip and get one gun
Wait, reverse that
Gun won? Get a grip
I quickly turn around and punch Rum!
Lump sum
You ain't lose to Swamp cause you can't spit
You lost cause gun bars and name flips take up your entire bandwidth
Yo, you a foe with the beam down when the can' lift
But how are you an alien when you didn't have another plan Nit (planet)?
Damn kid
This man is a whole rook
He said Swamp government 35 times
I ain't lyin' fam', you can go look
Then damn he got slow cooked
Up there slingin' more page (Paige) flips Canibus notebook
Bro shook, but he really bang that blue
Hollywood, that'll get you slain, that's true
Knife out, that'll turn a butterfly into a star like The Game tattoo
I said who is you kidding?
You mad at the moves of a Christian cause I move with the mission?
I remember that day when God spoke to me, in my room and I listened
I'm talking alone (a loan), forgiven, like student tuition
I said you'll always be number two in ya system
I mean of course he snaps
But the only time you'll ever hold a Champion belt is when Geechi hands it to you before he raps
You can't ignore these facts
Call it quits, Geechi gets picked first, you the alternate
That's why I brought it all to Nit'
Weave these rounds like a ball of yarn, I got it all to (k)Nit'
With weapons that can alter Nit'
Or blessings at the altar Nit'
I wasn't worried 'bout you in the slightest dawg
Team Homi? I die daily
What's death to someone who right with God?
E.F.B
LOL
I already Ethered your Final Boss
And this is my 17th battle, do it look like I struggle with Writer's block (Bloque)?


Hell no, I ain't come to ya spot
I came to tell them you something you not when you say you slumpin' some ops
So I'ma send you back to that Wal-Mart warehouse stuffed in a box
Havin' lunch on the dock
Now you better learn to be the greatest ever at punchin' a clock
Look, I ain't come to get personal with him
I brought enough bars to body him and any person that's with him
I tell 'em "Fall in line"
King Of Diamonds, God is good


Most people know, you one of my favorites, Bill
This battle was on my bucket list
'Cause in 2012, you was that dude, and nobody wanted that shot like Rumplemintz
But for me, it’s hard to come to grips, with the fact you so trash today
Y’all remember: “Tell’em D’s I got the E, get the F off my back, I'm a G”
That joint had classic plays
I often wondered why you left out the first three letters
Guess I get to show them how BC always comes after A!
So this where the game ends, blame ZM, ya man tried me
Said he had an idea he needed ran by me
And then I got that Bill Collector call, y'all know, scam likely
What up, Philly!? Y’all rock with this Norristown cat?
Cool
Well remember when Anderson Silva, knocked Forrest out flat?
Well, consider this round some sorta soundtrack
He get laid out quick with the hook I got the chorus down pat!
Bbb blat – I got the ..Bible! You know I got the Bible!
You heard about the Bible!!


Nah scratch that, this round Yahweh sacred
Heat like Beyonce’ fragrance, Lebron James greatness
You known for the prints (Prynce) Little Brother put on you
I’m Cyhi writing, on Phonte pages
Everything holy (holey), think Kanye made it
All talk aside like Conway Statements
At full strength, I’m beyond they favorites
So it ain't nothin' to retire Bill at half like Vontae Davis!
You not a threat
The only people you scare are the ones in a lotta debt
So watch ya step
Get ya weight up, chump
This all fire in the first, a layup, a straight up dunk
'Cause you don’t gotta deal with Bill Collectors if you make ’em pay up front!
So what you got, Bill?
A rap sheet longer than the plastic track on a Hot Wheels?
Stop, Bill!
Everything you say fake, you not real
No, scratch that, backtrack
Everything you say fake 'cause that KNOT real!
Now I know, that angle played out, we already know about Showout swinging on ya face
We all know I’ma Christian, gotta feeling you prolly gon' be bringing up my faith
But wait.. I don’t condone the violence, bro stop it
It's a twist, I was actually convicted as a Christian on the whole topic
Obeying scripture isn’t easy for me, I’m bein' so honest
And instead of turning the other cheek, well, you gave him ya whole noggin!
Bruh!! What happened to the gun bars and murder?
Ain’t that what you shoot and do to folks
You mean you hit John John from Japan...
But couldn’t reach STL with the Super Duper Scope?!?
Miss me with excuses, I ain’t tryna hear the Ifs, ands, now
Showout punched you, it was another quick strike that made Hitman proud
They said this was a style clash
I agree - fire…trash
And you named yaself after the one profession that tells everyone the call is wire tapped
(For quality assurance this call can and will be monitored)
Bill go ahead, talk about Jesus, pull out ya props
Don't y'all know I whole heartedly disagree that he's white


Dance around, entertain, you gon' need it tonight
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Charron vs. Nu Jerzey Twork
Krack Liberty Battle League
What Did I Miss?
Drake
Gnarly
KATSEYE
[Round 1: Bill Collector]
Amen
Now it was hard for me to write for you
I like what you do
You like genuinely the nicest guy I know and you popular, too
Like I couldn't even get the super scope poppin' at you
I got to thinkin', "Well, damn. What would Prez Mafia do?"
So I ran off on the plug twice, went underground; Bug's Life
Two packs (2Pac) strapped across my stomach, I'm talkin' Thug Life
Then I got to thinkin', "I'm Bill. You give me one mic
And special ed' kid 'round Christmas, I get dumb nice."
A flow major
I make ya stu' dent (student)
I got an intuition
See Bill really smoke great rappers when he enter mission (intermission)
The double precision, that's a hell of a vision
So I gotta charge, Noah's Ark, double the chicken
See that Showout round was cute bro, you can talk about my personal issues
I don't follow you enough to get personal witchu
See I figure, you was in a dark place in life then left that
You found God, changed your environment and I respect that
But God should've told you that facing Bill was a death trap
Your soul is forever in debt, I'm gon' collect that
A. Ward good with the angles, helluva genius
This the Devil born in the flesh, the true demon
See I can hear the pain when you rap, you really mean it
You battle cause to express your true talent you really need it
That's cool and all, but the gun bars, y'all believe it?
He outta shots and gets an extra clip from Jesus
You got legal guns, that's why we can't believe you son
You the people, talkin' to them people when them peoples come
Clean record Ward, clean gun but you keepin' huh?
But wouldn't pump the bass up enough to bust a speaker drum?
See when Bill angle, it lead to the gutter, I'm a roof top
It get foul inside these lines, you get two shots
The tool pop, flip him 'round the ring, Scotty too hot
Them couple bucks get you to sing, he a jukebox
Them two 23's under his lid, he a shoe box
The square with a hole in the top, he a juice box
Ward I'll burst blam, turn your church van into a Coupe drop
The Glock pop and crop top Hanson make him 'Hmmm Bop'
Two shots through ya trunk, your passenger dead
Ward I'll A.I. hang time the back of ya head
It's like you unprepared in class how you askin' for lead
Bein' clumsy tryin' to fish, Jesus pass him the bread
It be one pair of bloody footprints in the sand
This the real Catholic school where I can hit you again
I'm tryin' to teach ya class a lesson, it's principles man
You a child, I add a lesson from my principle plan
The Holy Ghost gave you the spirit, you should take flight
Airport- AYO! Hold it down! I'm catchin' a body!


The Holy Ghost gave you the spirit, you should take flight
Airport lobby, I catch you sittin' in plain (plane) sight
The shot got me feelin' like God, I know that ain't right
But the guns so big when it bangs it creates life!
40 bullet clean his scalp, straight through, in and out
Deuce deuce bullet bounce around, take the scenic route
2 on 2 tag team ya chest leave it steamin' out
P. Diddy when these things pop, word to Stevie Stoute
I call ya moms Chilla Jones, I ask her what she schemin' 'bout
She asked me what my semen 'bout, I skeeted then she seen me out
She said, "Father Bill why you never wanna eat me out?"
I said, "I don't do that Arby's bitch, what's the roast beef about?"
Thank God the gun didn't shoot, my case faded
Showout knocked me out, soon nigga we made it
Now you can thank the Lord for the shit
Brace yourself son, you got two more of this shit


[Round 2: A. Ward]
My rebuttal game crazy
He said he ain't bring the Supa Dupa Scope this time, but kept shootin' cause he had these hidden toys
Jukebox, yeah you pushed the wrong button so now it's time to turn the page, I bring a different noise
Let's talk Bill
You really wanna collect bills?
Put ya money on the 4 Horsemen – these days that’s the perfect bet
Cause got personality, pen, performance, poise and I ain't even (ivy) scratched the surface yet
These cats? They get up here and rap like a nervous wreck, that's why the fans boo’em
Not me
ZM gave me a price, I concurred, shook hands to it
Didn’t question the accuracy
Told him Benjamin's talk, looked at Bill and walked up on’em like Cam Newton
I know you got the burna, I heard about the burna – but that ship sunk
The whole time you was dancin' around with the burna, I was praying you ain't spend eternity in one
You been done!
And y'all let him make y'all laugh without having a pen son?
Cause Bill be like:
Filler Bar Bill – double barrel split his roof wide!
Ya Chick a butter face, I ain't kiddin get her tubes tied
Gun so big, just to shoot it I need two guys
Bullets like ya shoe size!
There ain’t nothing sweet about these rounds it ain't a Moon Pie
Let me tell you something
I’m feeling extra polite
Ya style is one of a kind
That first round was impressive tonight
I got a feelin' your career is over, the best is in sight
I see you as a main page; headliner
On every Gates Of The Garden event for the rest of your life
You bum! It's time to hang up the gloves Erik it’s clear
Cause I had to watch all of your old battles to motivate me for this here
Cause you haven’t said or done anything impressive in six years
Let’s switch gears
My pen nice! Let us envision:
A death for Eric, but it’s apparent that I meant (mint) his condition
Forget a box for his mother, just to lessen the tension
I send him back wrapped in plastic, and tell her it’s the Collector's edition!
I only fear God! – I do nothing scared
Beating me? Harder than finding the right lid for the Tupperware
So what we got? A couple squares?
Keep it a buck, jerk
I'm the son of royalty, the heir in this room and I don’t duck work
So you gon need a Lux verse, Verb "Woo!", Surf quotes
E Ness "What" man, Marv beard, a Surf choke
All the super sayings, the the cadence you can insert jokes
And more arms raised than worship service with church folk!
You gettin' worked bro
I got focused when they sent out a date
I put in extra work like 10 hour days
Then found out info I need to get out the way
Oh y'all ain't know there R3 coke heads in the group? You think I'm lyin'?
Somebody get outta plate
Oh you roll your eyes
I’m lying scrap? Well you right at that
But it’s like buying hats
Cause it’s easy for white boys to get Bill bent outta shape
We are two totally different people, you admitted ya soul hollow
But the kids look up to us both, our actions they'll fo' sho' follow
You wanna be a (w)rapper with a name like a Coke bottle
I ain’t worried bout the Dough, boy, I’ma different kinda role mode
So go ahead, spit your out of context Bible jokes, use ya props
I don't believe that he's white
Entertain, make jokes, you gon' need it tonight
[Round 2: Bill Collector]
When I say "double bar" I'm not talkin' about thee double
I'm simply usin' the reference to signify my heat level
Is Bill hot? Yeah (Ye's) and nah's (Nas), I mean I ain't Hova
Still fittin' to hit you with Ether after the Takeover
Still heatin' up for the bread, I'm the same toaster
Every time Bill Killa Cam' no pink Range Rover
You really could've spared them rounds, now your frame over
It's my turn to ball in the gutter, I'm the lane closer
The unflushable shit, I'm a straight floater
No coke bro, real good gas I smoke, I should thank Yoda
I make you hit the blunt, Jesus take you out "Saint" folder
And since I roll gold in the Cuban, now you a chain smoker
Bill stretched a white girl out, the word ain't yoga
Our [?] be lookin' twice as nice call it a make over
Today your brother Cannon is 247 days sober
Right?


[A. Ward]
Facts


[Bill Collector]
You can let him know right now that the weight's over
I'll put him right back on the base, he's a great soldier
He called my phone to just yell "Dope!" (D'oh!) I said, "Hey Homer"
He want me to make his birthday cake lil' bake soda
I call this new batch "chloroform" it got a faint odor
I hope you brung your girl bro, I'm tryin' to put some stank on her
She's cool with that ball park figure, she want me to put the Frank on her
I watch you leave for work from your door, the locks clank on it
Then Ed, Ed and Eddy ya' bitch I go plank on her
I'm talkin' double XP, I'm levelin' up ranks on her
Kill streak the pussy I radio and tanks on her
I make her close her mouth on my kids, I go Drake on her
Then I show her little to no interest, I'm a bank loaner
I'll Milly rock her, Franklin Stomp then Harlem Shake on her
She tried to run up on me in public, I act like I ain't know her
Like baby, can we work it out? Then Billie Blanks on her
Now she Mr. Nice Guy cause Bill Half Baked on her
Words stewing over the beef, I'm a flame roaster
If you think it's sweet then swing, I Sugar Shane Mosley
I let it ring twice then leave, he thinking James Posey
Then let it fast break to his bucket he left the lane open
The shot snap soon as slam, this the game poster
Twin cannons (Canon's), hi-def lens, let me gain focus
The first forecast turn A. Ward to A. Roker
Ya team monkey around on the scene, the second Hangover


[Crowd]
They sleepin'


[Bill Collector con't]
It's all good cause I'm 'bout to spaz again, they got me in my bag again
I'm back again, bullets in board, I'm attacking (a tac'ing) him
You catch glove, fist, boot, leg, I'm a [?]
You sweet but you ain't pure sugar you'se a saccharine
I gotta take a grown man to school; Billy Madison
I send a young whore for a profit (prophet); I'm Mary Magdalene


{fake chokes}


Psych (sike) I lied!
Eight days later came back I died
I'm Lazarus
Am I spazzin' shit? Hefty bag and shit?
Alright good, cause I'm done rappin'


[Round 3: A. Ward]
I said it's a lot of miles from Kansas City, I gotta bring my best and do this trip proud
Yellin' all again in the second, he pulled the grip out
Told me, "I'm Double Bar Bill" then God silenced him mid round
That's nice
That was so foul, you think I hack a Shaq
Said he Lazarus, come back at that!
Now let's talk!
One battle, two battle, three battle, four
Bill you out here taking battles galore
Bill what’s the matter, you poor?
The people you rent your furniture from be knockin' all loud at ya door?
You tell ’em “I just locked in a one rounder. I promise I can have it tomorrow."
Bill don’t you got a battle tomorrow?
What you on a battling tour?
He call time, we shake hands, he lean in, "Yeah, after this Ward...
You wanna go battle some more?"
And it’s on all these small leagues cause you don’t win where it shows
So I figure it's only right that I send Eric's soul
To a place where the streets would laugh at the lil' 10 karat gold
I'm nice
I could care less how good he’s ('Goodies') been for this city (Ciddy), I know a (Noah) way through
So this 3-O (oh), gon' be clean (Qleen), you think I’m lyin' (lion) then (den) make moves
These old heads mad at the Raw talent
Cause when we 'Level Up' it plagues you
I give’m a cross to see (sea) and I credit JC when I won too ('1-2) Step' up and pay dues
Now that last four, ain’t have a lot of punches y'all could relate to
But I did say 'Goodies', 'Oh', 'Level Up' and '1-2 Step', the scheme could be Ciara (BC era)
But I also mentioned Noah, the plagues, Lions Den and Cross the Sea, things that happened in the BC Era
And I mentioned Ciddy, Qleen, Raw, and JC – rappers from BC era
But this double bar, Bill, he be makin' 'em believers
He got what you need! Savior to the tweakers
You pop pills? Call Bill or he can lace you with sativa
And I heard the coke whiter than the Patriots receivers
Please bruh - you bring danger? Keep bangers?
The metal kind like cheap hangers?
I’m ain't concerned witchu or ya squad
Ya team basic
Money launderin', I wash Bill and Qleen Paper
Where’s he at? He ain't here. I had a fire bar for Quantum but since he ain't here I'll go a different route
And I had a crazy punch for Prez Mafia, but since he fell off that’s something I’m kinda on the fence about




[Bill Collector]
Ay that don't count towards me
That doesn't count towards my health bar


[A Ward con't.]


Let's get back to business now
You wanna pick the gun up still?
Let’em enter, heavy spender, run up Bill!
I get ya knot caved in
This ain't a might win, it’s Tide Pen, ya spot taken
Y'all gave Bill a check to throwing bullets out to Tom? I’m not playin'
Exactly, rope a dope, he comatose his mom prayin'
Take this into account, cause Bill not coming outta it I stop payments
Ya stock changin', you not welcome here no more, the locks changin'
I started with an Easy W, now I brought the Beast to the ring, I’m Paul Heyman
You turn to Goku, Gohan, Vegeta with ya hot statements
I turn to the Bible, what’s super to a God Saiyin?
But I ain’t come to get personal with you
I just hoped you brought your family, friends and ya burna was with you
Tell everyone else in Philly they can fall in line
I appreciate y'all
God is Good!


[Crowd]
All the time!


[Round 3: Bill Collector]
Yo outta all the Jesus niggas you top 3 homie!
But I gotta correct you that round, God, last round ain't stop me homie
I didn't choke homie
Your brother Cannon called and I ain't got no coke on me
All my work sinks good the water cause I pitch it well
Ward wanna act like he down give him a script to sell
Dark Knights this Joker be preachin' all of my script then well
I hit him with a bat man (Batman) and that'll make a Christian bail (Bale)
But he white so when he ran he slipped and fell
The 9 and 1 pre-dialed in his phone he came equipped to tell
[?] tell you horse, hey I make the bail stupid
Cross me? I wish you would (wood) I get you nailed to it
Lord forgive me, I let a big round sing to ya child, Chef the lunch man
Yeah you catchin' every punch this scene, you the stunt man
Morgan Freeman show up as God like, "You should run fam'."
Then Bruce Almighty I pull a seven on one hand
Ayo that pump blam you jump man, ya arm up ya legs fly
I wave, make the crowd surf, the shot make you stage dive
The left hand blew (blue) either I'm playin' Twister or I'm goin' colors
He mouse over, preview the clip, this bitch PornHub
I don't care about that Jesus shit bro I put them shooters over top of ya
Flashin' like a copier, niggas start stompin' ya you flatter than Tilapia
Two arms run you up the steps, I'll Rocky ya
Double gun butt you make you think I started boxin' ya
I'm talkin' Polamalu, Warren Sapp, Strahan, Shockey ya
They gon' need a doctor for your doctor to come doctor ya
No I'm not from Philly, but I'm neighborhood watching ya
Super duper duper scope attached with some binoculars
The 40 give him a buzz, he popular
Three of them thangs from the steel (steal) he's Chef Trez Mafia
Is Ward gonna pull it and shoot? We shot clockin' ya
Gun so big when it sings it ends the opera
That's the fat lady
Extra gut, pack 80
Shots make ya spine slack, that means I sent you back lazy
Paramedics need the jaws of life and some back braces
The Nina make house calls I got the bitch Backpaging
It's Dr. Bill, out for the kill, different house call
Hangin' out the window, big MAC without saws
This Shotgun from Jersey a southpaw
Optical illusion, how the shots go in Ward (inward) and out Ward (outward)
Yo, ya mom like, "What y'all runnin' in and out the house for?"
Cause the shot hit you indoors ya body landin' outdoors
Shots make the cops turn your block to a chalkboard
This A will double you (W), kay (K), I'll awk-Ward (awkward)
This is Training Day, he gettin' his Ethan Hawke on
I take him out to Kansas and give him water to walk on
That means I get you baptized on angel dust
Aye Verb's shot made the angels duck
My shot turns your angel's dust
Ever since my name started ringin' I been engaging stuff
Ward I'm The One in this Matrix I'll beat ya agent up
Every bar sharp as razor cuts, over paper cuts
A. Ward mom food, on every plate I'm raising up
You wouldn't talk trash in the promo and the reason is
This white guy want chicken for beef but can't season it
Your style's so fucked your instrumental's a porno
God did not deliver you Ward, you're Digiorno
It's Double Bar Bill, double tier, not none of that
It's Filler Bar God, muhfuckas gon' remember that
Filler Bar God, punchlines doin' circles
Planet bars cause each round is universal


Yo! Yo! Yo! I said, when the tone of my voice stretch...
The geometry of the waves are sonically displayed into what's known as a vortex
And that's why my rhymes deeper
Even when my craft light, it still attract a (tractor) beam that pull niggas up into my penman-ship
That means I'm gifted with the sheer influence to make dimensions shift
Outside of the timekeepers
When I tap into the cognitive ripple factors
That send forever expandin' vibrations into the triple-blackness
I could tell a path (telepath) the ancestors would only whisper to a mind-reader
Like… "Do you believe in the Most High's most awesome force?"
Or the daylight (Daylyt), just a mere reflection of somethin' that could only be a projection from a more darker source?
Oh! I came to test L.A., like standin' in the middle of Watts wearin' three 6ix9ine T-shirts
Hold up, nigga
I said "test L.A." - that's Tesla
He taught us about watts
He was the original 369 teacher!
And since you popped up on my ra-dar when (Darwin) you was Big Bangin'
And now you've evolved into this intelligently designed creature
I think it was fire how you brought science to the Cave, man (cavemen)
But it ain't as trill (astral)
Cause where I am projectin’ all you see is divine ether(Davone Ethered), nigga!
But if y'all ain’t peep it, I give y'all a couple more bars to catch some deep shit
I envision ARP in a dark room with an evil grin
Just starin' at the card
I even imagine the factions of our two fan bases clashin'
Just starin' at the odds
I even did the calculus and pre-calculated how many niggas would be in the crowd stuck
Just starin' at the bars
And then it dawned on me, all them niggas that told stories about starin' into the light, made it back!
I guess the ones that turned into light, must have been starin' at the god, nigga!
Yeah that’s right, I said god
For all these little niggas that chose rap as a profession
I’m the one that made it out the dirt for goin' off the dome
Y'all catchin' the connection?
In the beginning, I used my darkest hours and created light (Lyt) and now it’s just perfection
My freestyles taught these average Joe’s if (Joseph) they married (Mary) to these bars these babies can come out of nowhere
Now that is an immaculate conception!
Question:
Am I not the Alpha and Omega to that rap shit?
And what could you provide me?
I done lyrically walked on water
Healed the blind
Fed the multitude
Even hung with the niggas that crossed me
But they still couldn’t crucify me!
You know how many times I prayed to God the chip on my shoulder fell?
They killed my pop when I was sixteen
That’s some shit I still ain’t get over well
I watched the most positive nigga on my block, get hit with like 40 shells
I even used to rap like a little Nas
But ex (Nas X) that these days I’d rather take my pole to Hell, nigga
You know why a Baltimore nigga never sold his soul to get famous?
‘Cause we famous for never even havin’ a soul to sell, nigga!
I knew three sixth-graders (6) that got schooled by the block
Six (6) years later, they got chalked in the streets
Six (6) feet deep in a box because of all the deceit
We kill over true religion
Target the weak
So when they said, “Daylyt was an animal”
I said, “Good. I came to make a mark of the beast!”
Like, Yeah he sick, but I’m two times as sick
I take six and leave six sick, that’s two times the sick
I do mine, but in my mind two minds would fit
That’s two monsters, two contras, and two kinds of consciousness
I can do mantras and move all kinds of shit!
I define this shit!
Black and gifted
I hope he ain’t come to play games with the kid
‘Cause mind crafted (Minecraft) different!
Time, nigga!
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
The Alchemy
Taylor Swift
Fortnight
Taylor Swift
W.R.O.H
Ab-Soul
[Round 1: Daylyt]


*Hahahaha Mwahahahaha
I like that!*


Yo! I come from the land of the 3 up top
I'm part of a living tribe, you know (tribunal)
You see the soul
King, Leopold we oppose
Soon as you got deployed, it was tricky
I knew you was gon' black a little bit
But due to historical facts, you should've known you'd get destroyed if you pick me (Pygmy)
It's different...
It's different!
Quickly!
True north is how I create my battle page
When the comp is (compass) high, I don't gotta compromise my data range
On this stage, I never had trouble wit' experience
This is just the double-slit experiment
I took this look to make Adam (atom) change
You see how the compensat-


I DO THIS!




You see how the compensate (comp is ate), it was gross
Los, I really used to fuck wit' you!
Knowing damn well I had trust issues
To be friends with you, I was literally befriending my health
I spent nights in yo' den listening to yo' pen
Taking Instagram pics, trying to pretend it was wealth
Never have I ever planted (planet) the idea to see you and I verse (universe) to ascend for the belt
But on this here earth stage, you have become a mermaid
Today, you gonna have to fend (fin) for yourself!
I DO THIS!


See, King (sea king)....


I DO THIS DAWG!
LET ME COOK


See, King (sea king)....
You want them to believe your trident is the height of all writin'
Excitin'? Oh you the man? (demand)
You gifted (gift it)
A box? Word, book it!
Man, you script (manuscript) it inside this trial date
And he gypped (Egypt) me out of my streams I must redeem then I annihilate (a Nile ate)
Off the look crazy
Last match you seen a nigga spit
I turned the scene Queen Elizabeth when I get on my killer shit
Just let me cook baby
They be screamin', "That's fire feed us (fetus) some more."
I'm to the crib with this barbecue
An artist who went straight to the top and took 'em down with no disguise
Yo' demise'll be multiplied by oh oh (00) now look around, look around (a round)
It's two X sent to a ten (attend) a pair of dime (paradigm)
Bubble and you can double if you air the mind
Pair the time we can score out the obstacle
I plan to jot even though I haven't been on the cam a lot (Camelot)
They wanna see king author (King Arthur) with me
I had to pull my sword out of Roc(k) for you
Listen! Listen!
All the dissin' that's a mission impossible if I jot focused
They wanna see me pop toasters (apoptosis) that's just a bad mash
 of bando lines (bandolines)
I don't have to write for the Black Assize
My lactorium in the afterlife is an act of Christ
Viddy it and you might see Los die, ghosts fly
You wanna know why my hand in the air?
Cause you up here paired with the most high (hi)
Hop on my wave, but it'll be no tie (tide)
You was jumped from the stomp
A pogo in my my dojo oh bro this is a logo lets see brodie (bro die)
I'll a render contenders, annoy ya, to send an artist to whom we made it
Doom he played it
Niggas become completely quiet when then get mutilated (mute and laid dead)
Who debated?
Peep the talent show
Lying (line) like we equilateral
I auditory the griot, if you not on my talent list (talentless)
This who you all big up?
Give up it's inadequate (isn't that a quit)
Although it exist funny
You standing next to a killa if this the Thrilla In Manila then everything is a risk (wrist) money
To all the slaves watching they clockin' to bury ya (burial)
I craft in all 51 Areas which you appall
I was on the call before Lemuria
Arian, bury in, homi in the lobby with the lobbyist
I'll be this (obvious) to define hobby
Probably exist in a divine (Davone) obelisk
That's a two one (21) clear
Can you rock with this?
I pair the fogle, scare the global
The seat I sit in the bomb
The chair noble (Chernobyl)
I'll do the body bad
Los, you knew clearly (nuclear) it'd be levee slaughter
Sip heavy water
They adore the skill
Sea moss couldn't give you this chlorophyll (Cloral feel)
I'd scatter facts (Factz)
Blade to his belly, tell me that's bladder axe (bladderwracks) Thunder sound
Smoke for any nigga who said they run the town
I'm cut from the belly of the beast
You hear the hunger sound
A King can't author with the kings of Agartha
Nigga we been livin' off the underground
The numbers sound different when the words attacking ya
This is slurred gematria
You can't match with us
You can't stick with us
It's ubiquitous if you plan to spit like a god
They screamin' "animus" (and it missed)
When he too animated
And I made it to complicated
You too not calm, you just too concentrated
Unidentified by the Quill
Keep it real or else you'll be penalized (pen of lies)
By my ability sly, shy ability soliloquy
Let me demonstrate, I eliminate
They sayin' it's easy to go in when you penetrate (pen a trait)
*I'm gonna wrap it up, I'm a stop, he about to cry*


I just came to say, if you all gonna call me a joker and that's your angle, hey?
But it's the simple rules of any card
The joker beats the king no matter what game we play
*Time!*


[Round 2: King Los]
I let ARP talk me back into the raggedy ass world of battle rap
As if the first time around, I didn’t get enough
But fuck that, nigga I pulled up!
And saw DNA retarded ass with no tooth grinning from the bus
I know I said I wanted to bridge the gap between the industry and battle
But this ain’t the shit that we discussed
Somebody still gotta explain to me how the gangsta ass niggas got tranny rumors
But the Christians is the niggas with it tucked…hold up
From here on out I ain’t trusting nobody that say they be zipping niggas up
And you, nigga
Nah, nigga you!
What you thought, you was just chillin’ in the cut?
You act like you ain’t go from twerkin’ in a dress
To runnin’ around wearin’ a fuckin’ cape thinkin’ your mind control is what’s liftin’ niggas up
Let me guess (guest)?
ARP text you “Let’s eat, come display your extraordinary…”
Nigga, you ain’t seen Dinner with the Schmucks
?
What the fuck?!
You think you got here, ‘cause you god-tier?
I ain’t even give a fuck what you was gonna rap tonight
I knew against me, you had to pull out the premiere bars with the deluxe (Lux) pack…You know what I like that nigga more that you be rappin’ like!
Somebody take a picture
You lookin’ at the Day before death
And that’s congruent to the afterlife
‘Cause soon as they gave the goat (GOAT) to the god
You was assed out, you should have knew this (nudist) was a sacrifice!
Let me see if I had this right
You said they brought the hype in to the high pen?
How you claimin’ your arm strong (Armstrong) when you get caught writin’ (Cartwright) bullshit you can’t play off (playoff) unless I’m mic (Mike)’d in?
I don’t know who on your side-line (lyin')
But soon as I heard Drizzy was one of the hype men
I thought about the big flash
The nigga might squint
Or the blade *slashing noise*
Get ’em sliced in
Either way, tell Aubrey I don’t even gotta pull a Drake to
 get Lyt skinned, nigga!
We goin’ to handle this like men
‘Cause I been known to line these chumps up and front page ‘em
They said that “Lyt goin’ to push your melon in” (melanin)
I said “Only when I am sungazin’!”
And don’t make me come blazin'
For that spot you clenchin’
You think you cookin’ ‘cause you saw Tay (sauté) and got it Roc(k)’n wit’ ‘em
Well the nigga was salty
For three years
And cut me off
When ARP ain’t lock it wit’ ‘em
Every blog was: “ARP and the wise King collaborate on the government-devised scheme to glitch my algorithm”
So what? Our friendship got divided?
And all of the sudden now you got the vision (division)
So that I’m supposed to believe your mind is (minus) just so cosmically inclined to make all these wise decisions?
Well tell this nigga, until he unblock me off Twitter
I don’t want to hear shit about Lyt (light) got da mentions (dimensions)


Not to mention
I’m the only industry nigga that can slide here and kill
Watch the voice amplify
The hand gestures fly
Niggas bow heads and kneel
I compose shit that make every child, woman, and man testify
They felt the earth move and heard the ancestors cry
I’m god-tier (god tear) for real, nigga!
Is dog here for real?
‘Cause I heard he’s Spawn but how I respawn (respond
) is to talk life to ‘em
I don’t think where your material lies (materialize) is very solid
So to those of you who said I couldn’t talk Lyt (light) to ‘em
Ain’t nothin’ about him as genius as this
He might matter to y’all
But to me, he don’t even exist
He gonna holler graphic (holographic) shit
And I’m gonna Walk. Right. Through. ‘Em




[Round 2: Daylyt]
Los. Los. Los
Welcome to battle rap
AKA BR 101
BR is composed of many different elements to go at 'em (atom) periodically
 when we art attack
Bars
Stage presence
Aggression
Crowd control
Speaking of crowd control, I figured I'll start with that
I need everybody in the building to be absolutely quiet and make not a sound
Now raise your hand if you never had COVID
*coughs*
You got it now!


Wait wait wait wait
Y'all didn't get the elbow
That shit was so gnarly you probably saw a dolphin
I ain't here to make y'all COVID victims
I'm here to show you I rap like a COVID symptom
It's just gonna be a body and a coffin (coughin')


*Don't boo you know what'll happen*


I mean
If I knew you was gonna spit that weak shit you had
I would have wrote that shit I had 3 years ago
To get ahead swell (a head swell) I can win by not (knot) a lot
Given although the match been simmerin’ (Ben Simmons) you still don’t got a shot
Let me be honest (Giannis)
I could let something tall Buck…
But that just gonna fuck up your net worth and if I’m on that type thuggin’
I would let something fire fly (firefly) but they just gonna scream “Lyt buggin!” (lightbug)
So with that said
Whatever you had planned you chewed when I get motivated
Oh they waitin’ for us to square up
I prepare the box retrieve
They ain't believe you’ll die till they seen a pair of docs (paradox/pair of docks)
And the vaults boarded
Lose bore them (boredom)
The scriptures say death is what you picture
Your family gon' have to post more of them (postmortem)
I assure them
A bitch you wary (obituary) if you done picked the berry
Small paw, arbitrary to when the top compete
Peep his spot deplete
Doofus where the roof is, all contenders render useless
If you wish any of my ops elite (obsolete/ops will leap)
Peep his hope deflated
To Roc(k) I gave life
Lyt (light) you see what this pro created (procreated)
Oh he made it
But he fucked in the proxy
The plot be raised
You got me?
When the cock in a box, we brace
You thought that was crazy?
Today'll be baby after baby after baby
Maybe we over pop you late (overpopulate)!
I promise you
When you too polished versus a shoe polisher they won't acknowledge you
They'll try to demolish you
With a great plan and a space hand
Look at what I create man
This what I gotta do
Like how foul can a man chew (Manchu) him
Despite whoever this whore is (Horus), son gotta (sun god of) rap
It's a lotta cap perhaps I'm too complete
He root for me in the best writing
I'll give you a glimpse of the past ho
My last show was exciting (ex sightin')
I left all men riding from the jottin'
Have you forgotten?
A god don't just lowkey (Loki) pop up
I pay whatever you owe then (Odin) scare her
Nigga when it spark in arc (ark)
All you niggas get boxed in this golden era
I'm a problem
Shine, the god of rhyme evolved rapping
And I just came to say, the joker beats the King no matter what game we play


[Round 3: King Los]
I say yo!
Now everybody be completely quiet…
Okay, they right
I just wanted to see if I could do the same shit as Daylyt
So check it out
If I could teach these kids across the world one thing
These niggas is just characters you see on the web
So despite a man’s (Spider-man) downfalls
Knowin’ we had Black Panthers gives us a lot to gain
Fuck all them bars about swingin’ iron, man (Ironman)
Just bein’ Black will get you capped in America (Captain America)
These niggas will have you layin’ down lookin’ up at the Doctor Strange
Not to blame all your antics and playin’ around
But I knew against me you’d have to bring your most honest look
Shit, other than that
The only thing to Marvel about with this match was RBE had a superhero versus a comic booked
Look, soon as the coin flip
You knew you had to face (Two Face) a true villain
Because you ain’t been through no real war yet
Me comin’ to get rid of Daylyt (daylight) got them (Gotham) projectin’ this battle be on the moon
‘Cause you ain’t seen a real Dark night (Knight) before that
Ironically, you get all the muthafuckas to the Batmobile
But I’m the one up here blackin’ on a core vet (corvette)
Riddle me this
If ARP sent me two jokers and I took ‘em both out
Y’all still think I’m playin’ with a full deck?
I’m up here cookin’ for the respect
And this a recipe for the gods
You wouldn’t know to concern
Just to think I birth Day (birthday)
Now I’m standin’ over this lifeless body with my gift
I guess I’m waiting for his soul to return (solar return)
Yeah!
That’s how you gonna get your flowers, king
On your muthafuckin’ grave, nigga
You thought you was up here kickin’ all that deep shit to a muthafuckin’ gravedigger
I’m gonna have to son ‘em like God did Jesus
You know? Sometimes you have to kill a nigga to save niggas
Hey nigga!
You can’t spell Baltimore without the A-T-L
We known shooters from day one
That’s how hard the streets is to get away from
Even though I grew up mellow (Mello) I still had to keep my trey young (Trae Young)
They dumb
Thinkin’ he a street nigga
He really just grandma’s joy
What you gangsta ‘cause of your flow?
Oh! You think ‘cause you lean, rock wit it you Da Franchize Bo-o-o-y?
You more like RBE’s B-Rabbit against Ooops user’s Daylyt and took the shit to help ya
I wish you would use that shit against me
You really gonna have a Future at the Shelter
You know how I came to step, brother (Stepbrother)
I ain’t turnin’ down one bet
I can summons the Will of the pharaohs (Ferrell) into battle and I’m known for goin’ nuts over a drum set
Speakin’ of drums… nah I ain’t even gonna start that
‘Cause the homie got the 40, yeah, old version (40 Year Old Virgin)
‘Cause he’s more known for workin’ with the smart TEC (Smart Tech)
But squash that!
‘Cause you my ‘migo (Migos), you know how we go
I don’t want you to be Offset about the way I’m ‘bout to Takeoff
But first I gotta gun so big…
[Audience: How big is it?]
It only exists in Hitman Holla’s duffle bag but the Cas get (casket) shutdown if it air your whole face off, nigga!
Say dawg?
You got 78 battles, with 30 million views
That’s 390,000 views per battle
Was that too fast? Okay
We gonna take 39 of those battles we gonna skim it down to 15 million views per battle that’s approximately 190,000 views per battle if we just do half
So I don’t know if battle rap politics fucked you
And that’s too bad
Or if you ever took into equation all the antics and all the karma had somethin’ to do with the success you had?
But when them numbers ain’t addin’ up
What more could you expect from a nigga that slept through math (Math Hoffa), nigga?
That’s my time, ATL we outta here!


[Round 3: Daylyt]
Let’s get it!
To kick it
I'm the reason they buyin’ ‘ery (binary) ticket
And for that I'm up 1-0
Oh, through the gas yes
Preposterous rhyming
Nostradamus promised to leave your last breath
Gasp, yes
As we begin the tale of a King who stepped foot in hell (inhale) *inhales*
Do you believe that's air you breathin’ in?
See, '02 (CO2) was the year he could see the win (wind) clear...
But he blew it disguised in a bad storm
Fable, you knew it
Cable, back when the label boxed you true MC's
It was up to you to rise to the mass
Sworn to be the best to fly, impressed
Depressed, decline
You had every opportunity for the opps to be addressed with lines
But at the time you ain't utilize the platform
That's somethin’ Bill caught right (Cartwright)? Oh it's gonna get bad for ‘em (form)…
Depressed, decline. you had every opportunity for the opps to be addressed with lines
But at the time you ain't utilize the platform
Y'all let the nigga screamin’ "Burberry” all y'all lyrical miracle heroes (rose)
While your two lips (tulips) be closed
It was our crew (oracle) who spit these flows
It's all coochie
Battle rap
And you think I'mma let you come in my motherfucking house and expect everything to be all Gucci?
I should clothesline your bitch ass
That'll do
How you gonna judge the speech impediment when you ain't settled in?
And that's the battle truth
Facts
I wasn't even supposed to battle you
I was supposed to battle Royce Da 5'9" but they pushed it back and you became the backup
Excuse me sir, back up
Yeah you can act up
But just don't lose integrity or you's a dead guy
What you thought?
You can stick half calf in our ocean hoping for a legacy (leg a sea) on a game night but in plane sight you done ran into the Jedi (jet eye)
They said, “Why?”
I said, “Yo, the (Yoda) name Los been looking a lil progressive now”
If there’s children in the building, I add a lesson (adolescent)
Had them guessin’
Los, if your name been looking a little progressive now, well guess the sound when I add an “S” in (essence)
That's fine
When I rhyme with what's in their mind, at what cost?
Card respect
Heart neglect
Indirect gun bars is the new art direct to make the bar connect
In my heart it mingle, tingle, knowing I don’t need a single gun line
‘Cause I am the architect! (arc a TEC)
All you niggas finna bow down
Welcome to Nova Albion oh Mayan this is my jungle
This is a rumble amongst two humble Etruscans
Can he dust him?
I'ma tocked in (Autochthon) locked in win buddy
Ain't no way Harry bookin’ you bitch niggas to make the grid study
Pretend to bitch, gon’ extend the clip I'll remove your rib cudi
Let me guess
You got your heater on?
Beamer on the adrenochrome and now your kid bloody
We adrenaline rush bust colostrum swallow hollow mac talk
I can scare the Indians
You want to know what the Drake do? You be covered in blood like the Merovingians
Jesus Christ I'm nice!
Another vegan got beef can't compete when you mediocre (meaty okra)
So we celebrate
You should know I black King
Soon as he called his melon ate (melinate)
I'm in your face
I'm over that fake world of guns
Niggas been got hit with the sem, you late (simulate)
So it's the black pearls if I gotta throw shots
I square up with the whole world to get through the roadblocks (Roblox)
You see how my mind craftin’ (Minecraft)
I'm Einstein tapped in wifi the high-rise captain
Guys die with they eyes wide cracked in
Five five with the tripod with the Ipod clappin’
Bye bye
If I ever did a gun bar, he gon’ die die
The new 40, like a 4 year old who ain't seen his dad on the farm all day
All you gon’ hear is “Pa Pa”
With that being said, I just came to say
The joker beats the King no matter what game we play


They said Jerse won’t like me
There’s too much of a stretch in the slang
They’re gonna need Tsu Surf’s subtitles or lengthen the match, just so heads can adapt


This was meant to be JC and Daylyt
But J said he’d retract ‘cause his schedule is packed
But I would battle Arsonal, Pat Stay, Ness Lee
And Ness over Math
I’m not askin' you to like me, I’m just expectin' the chance
To earn my respect as a man
Instead of backin' out of battles
For bigger cheques and the cash
'Cause I ain’t JC, and nowhere near less of a match
You’re gonna wish JC kept to his word
And UW met his demands
'Cause to get here I had to face the bossman


And I made him bring the best in his class
So you, I hope you brought your Mexican wrestling mask
And every single weapon you have
Listen, Day, shoot at me and I’ll move at a quicker pace
And slip away so the bullet ricochets and hits your face
Tissue scraped, give your mouth that 50 shape
‘Fore your teeth chip and break
What I’m saying is, if you leave that bullet in
It’ll follow back regardless of a Twitter page


You try to be different, but in a different way
So he inks his face to get views equivalent to Drizzy Drake
That YMCMB ‘em like Lil Wayne
I said that’s why MC M beat em like Lil Wayne
You think that tat is scaring me? Big mistake
I’m not someone you can intimidate
I’m about to break Daylyt down into little rays
Day won’t get through me
Like a window pane and a lick of paint
You think he’s real
You will see a round posing like a picture frame
Every round rhymin' is a round lyin' like Simba’s mane


He got murdered by Skeleton, bodied by Interstate
Now me means you got killed by three whites
Like he O.D. when we give him yay and he didn’t pay
I seen him on King of the Dot, although we never met before
I’m thinking, “Who’s he, man?”
Oh, he’s the one that Skelly tore


Keep acting like a Power Ranger
And keep that mask on that head of yours
It won’t be enough, you need to bring your whole team together like Megazord
You’re just a novelty act, someone to laugh at
He’s jumping around in some Enter the Dragon steez
In his blog, showing his nasty feet
Dressed in those Karate gees' acting Japanese
Well, he's either a genie, or he ain't tall
Let's see what happens when I put this can to knees
He loves comic books, but this is classic because the first issue we’ll have needs protection like a plastic sleeve
Pull it and get ready for this magazine
He wants to look like a hero
That’s why his face has got the ink in
Well, listen, you joker, I’m the bane of your existence
You kick down that maggie?
You have no venom, plus you’re two-faced
When you say you’re the Kingpin
You ain't a hero, you got green gobblin’ dicks
Let’s see what happens when your playin' with a villain
He wants to look like someone from a comic book
To get affirmation from the geeks
Well, I’ll catch him on a dark night, and that large knife
Will put some Heath Ledger lacerations to his cheek
And that’ll dent your pride
Like DNA’s fascination with his teeth
I’m fucking you up!
I’m fucking you up! The whole club can see
Arsonal, he loves comics
So why’d you have a comic booked against a marvel?
Well, I’ll let D see this ain’t just his league
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Charlie Clips vs. Arsonal
UDubb Network
Loaded Lux vs. Hollow Da Don
UDubb Network
What Did I Miss?
Drake
[Round 1: Daylyt]
Alright, I need everybody to put on they thinking caps, everybody thinking caps, thinking caps, thinking caps
Alright, class is in session
By a show of hands, who in here comprehend bars?
One, two… alright, cool
By a show of hands who feel like it’s nothin' for y’all to think?
One, two, three… cool, alright, cool
By a show of hands, who in here thirstin' for that 2013 date?
One? Alright, cool
Well, I brought somethin' for y’all to drink
They said we both can punch—nah, in a minute made
Shotty feel like it was gon' be a horror flick
As soon as I dig my way in
For the niggas that don’t understand bars
Y’all better go… cool


'Cause you ain’t finna understand shit I’m sayin'


Now pick a low
 amount of victories
That Android
 said 16-17 maybe
But it ain't gotta be a V-E-G to
 see that I’m clownin' a chump
You still don’t get what I’m sayin', son


Well, you about to get found in the trunk


Ka, may I, may I
 add up the fact that I can sell a fight?
They say I’m about to go ape-shit


Well, I’ma calm that down after his tail get sliced


Freeze-up
, for the people who feel
Like I didn’t just say the greatest thing
Well, if you ever seen Dragon Ball Z
That’ll be your favorite scheme. We got all night!
It’s pay day, but before I got some cents, I got some sense
I sensed somethin' was fishy about this nigga
He give me that sea smell
Last battle, Ars said you were braggin' and boastin'
Did you want to come aboard again?
I said for sure, only if it’s a free sale
Here’s somethin' for y’all to see, world
I did this shit for free. Will he nap? Let the peeps tell
The last two battles I had under I
Was bags like I didn’t sleep well
Check this out, let me rewind that, y’all wasn’t listenin'
Free Willy, nap, sleep well
He, she, shemale, no misses, doubt fire?
Bullets go in your nanny mouth
When you see that four, rest in peace
; it’s not Bambi house
I ain’t gotta say shit like I pull a swammy out
I laugh at these rappers
I draw MAC's, leave your dogs flat; Parappa the Rapper


Your girl? I’ll actually slap her
'Cause everytime I come around her, some shit seem wrong
She say ten niggas hit, she a whore, hell
She’s like a door-bell: she done had a million ding-dongs
You seem strong
But you couldn’t handle me shells if it was Team Obama


They scream he polish
I scream he garbage; yous Jesus mama


Wait, peel, time—off this performance
I should get a Grammy, watch
I can smell victory, 50 cents, welcome to the candy shop
Your life is like a sucker: you know, stick up
Candy rapper with a sweet round
No, yous a faggot, a sucker, you take sticks up the ass
These candy rappers kinda sweet round
No, yous a faggot, a sucker, this is a stick up
I can these rappers when I sweep round
No, yous a faggot, a sucker
A nigga who takes sticks up the ass
But these candy rappers never had a sweet round
Keep down, keep down, this where the beat-down begins
Y’all gotta watch, he losin'
It’s proven that all suckers get lolly-popped
I gotta watch what I say around these type of clowns
They writin' down: Tootsie pop Owls
Before you can count to three, these niggas bite your round


Put the rifle down, scope on him, rifle sound
Scope on it, I kill a parent, b
Get on one knee and give his bitch a gold round
Will you marry me?
I said, apparantly, y’all didn’t know he was a rapist
How could you let a child touch him?
Please bro, he’s like an Air Bud freethrow; yous a pedophile
Fuck him, I’ll let him down, like I ain’t hold my end of the bargain, okay, bro
With all that dissin' you’ll be missin'
Somewhere in the world, with Carmen Sandiego
You’ll be a dead man. Ey yo!


With that bein' said, this cat so real
No more, win some and you lose some


The new slogan is: “To the Batmobile!”


[Round 2: Shotty Horroh]
So I’m a white guy, from England
And back home I’ve never owned a SIG
Real talk, I’d be a phony prick
If I started rhymin' about the chrome I grip
But that’s back home. You ever heard the saying “when in Rome, do as the Romans did”?
Well, I’m in New Jersey, as soon as I got off the plane
I told Arsonal to bring me a loaded fifth
Just so I could hold the bitch
(I did as well, honestly
I didn’t know what to do with it, but I did)


'Cause this is New Jersey
All over the globe this place is known for some loco shit
I could kill you right now, fly home
And no one would even know I did
(I could though, I really could
No one would know, no one would know, I could get off)
I’ll say this part really slow, 'cause I know you’re slow as shit
I’ll spring into action, jump you and bounce
And no evidence from the po gon’ stick
I’m no gangsta, but if I was
I wouldn’t be rappin', mothafucka!
It’d be everybody dead, your neighbours and your pets
Your family would suffer
Philadelphia in one hand, Kansas in the other
What’s that? Two TEC-9’s collabin' with each other!


(Yeah yeah! We got all night! We got all night!
He gon’ get this work!. Big up Jerse, yeah, ’yeah yeah’)


Other than an accent and race
And stupid tat on your face, what makes us any different?
All the government are killin' all the poor people
It isn’t about the shade of your skin or the nation you live in
Google “Manchester”
You’ll see about the gun raisin' the killings
And how people are using grenades on their victims
It’s not just the States, the jailing system is major business


I’m here representin' the ghettos you neglected to say existed; there is a difference
'Cause I have the integrity not to diss your baby kid
Or any of your relatives you may've laid to rip
That’s some shaky shit
I wouldn’t compromise my morals
To take a win, that’s for you shady kids
'Cause if I can’t beat you by describing you
It must be my day to quit
'Cause real talk, Daylyt, you’ve been doing some crazy shit
You fuckin’ grabbed a shotgun
Put a camera on, and then got naked… shit
I don’t wanna go online
And see a heavily armed naked rapper
I saw that and wanted to ban Day vids; call me David Banner


Then I saw a blog of him sayin' he’s gonna slap one of T-Rex’ boys 'cause he’s gettin' crazy with the grabbin'
And it's gay and he’s a faggot
But he's the one who put out a solo naked male video
To a mostly male demographic
Tryna gain a little of traffic
'Cause he’s the rapper no one mentioned
And when a thirsty bitch gets no attention
They ends up over-stressin' and go and get it
By doing a blog, holdin' a loaded weapon
To some broken smoke detectors
Just tryna gain a little traffic… just tryna gain a little traffic
'Cause he’s the rapper no one mentioned
And fucking going against me
You know I’ve got that loaded weapon
And listen, I don’t care if I fucked my bars up
'Cause you got a fucking stupid tat on your face
You can get smacked in a way
Shown up dressing like philistine
I’ll fucking light up this square like Billy Jean
I mean, some said I wasn’t gonna show up
But that’s what the talk was about
'Cause I’ll show up to the showdown to show off
When the show’s on for all of the crowd
Fuck it, time, round two. Fuck it


[Round 2: Daylyt]
Mook, Rex, Dan, we about to go Diamond
When you add the Roc with Shine


They added me into the Mob 'cause they notice my grind
Now I’m a lowercase “I”: just a Dot with lines
You feelin' a little optimistic
Prime example, you still a truck on E gas
That’s why I don’t feel these niggas
You’ll get split in half, God
Thinkin' that you back undefeated, I’ma kill these niggas
I’m half-God; I’m Achilles, niggas
I don’t feel these niggas when the war’s in
Force in, leg-shot, kill a kid if it hit a boy shin
Skateboarders who want to
Yo, I said. Skateboarders who want—two—will get rib stick
I’ll give your leg a round; skip-it
I’m two steps ahead with lines, drunk driving test, I’m hard
How can black fry Day when my lines the best by far
You must done lost your marbles, sayin' I’m not a hard floor
I show no sympathy, this is a big titty victory
Something we can brawl for
You better go home, ‘less
You wanna be a bum in a box cardboard
And you know I got the fours: Star Wars
I buck at neck/head, my guns ain’t got no clothes on
I blow domes out of space, ET, I pack the fo’, holmes
This for my holmes, I’m a beast, gotta watch
Off my presence, it’s a wrap, feliz navidas
Dot! This is telekinesis, fellas, realize it
How many times I gotta show a nigga
I’m an animal, feel my wrath
Stop actin' like you don’t know a nigga
If my foes scandal, the fo' scandal
Scope on it, the fo' scanned all when I explode
Cans though, it’s explodin' candles
Get tore in half, like the rest of your show was cancelled
After, I rest him, I show cans so
Any nigga feel like they free, I’ll emancipate him
You feel you it, I’ll kill a clown
You’ll get a round like transportation
Patience, look how I spit tools, he’ll be a patient
In a hospital; I’m pastin', how I spit too is just so amazin'
Grace, nigga, it ain’t about race, nigga
It’s about a race: if we race, then I’ll erase niggas
You just the middle of my body-bag
Trash, another waste nigga
Dead, get your head astro-naughts
You’ll be an outer-space nigga
Laid out flat. Y’all see how I’m hurtin' these chumps
Chrome slugs, Bone Thugs: you wouldn’t wake up wake up if it was the first of the month


You gon’ need Lady Love for these rappin' divas
'Cause these niggas' flow suck: they vacuum cleaners
Bring vaccinations, 'cause dog’s type sick
And y’all my victims
Mike Vick ain’t got nothin' to do with this
You not familiar with skill?
Then I’ll show you who it is, it’s me
Every year I get a contract to break apart men
They always want at least a G
To put me in front of a tall nigga to dance
I’ll treat 'em like France
I’m leanin' towers; who want a piece of me?
You capisci me?
Come take a piece with me, the piece with me
You either give me a break, give me a break
We break off a piece of niggas' head when we Kit Kats
Big rats play Chuck-E-Cheese
That just mean I got killer toys smilin',
 they like the violence
You sleepin' on me, that’s bonkers
Crocodile Hunter ain’t seen this type of wildin'
You’ll be a dead man. Ey yo!
With that being said, this cat’s so real
Y’all know the slogan
One, one, one, two, three… TO THE BATMOBILE!


[Round 3: Shotty horroh]
So I didn’t write a fucking third verse
I’m lying, I wrote a fucking third verse
{Shotty puts on a balaclava}
Machete cuts, sever stuff
Leave you nothin' but flesh and blood like my second cuz
Now we’re both wearing a mask
To protect the mug, in case the detective look
But I can tell you ain’t killer
Real military never forget the gloves
{Puts on black gloves}
Oh, you’re militia, well, you can catch a rebel scud that’ll level huts and leave you dead in mud next to head and gut
Leg and foot, 21 gun salute, weapons up
Body looking sloppy in the coffin so they kept it shut
You ain't a soldier, when I’m around keep your medal tucked
I’ll get it took, medics rush
Body infected with septic pus, that’s dead enough
But 20 trucks infiltrate the place while your resting up
Just to cut the extension plug, connect it up
To what it is, I gave you that last breath you took
'Cause this is Guerrilla war, mission to kill em ‘all
Bullets’ll be flyin' from the window to the wall
Two teams flankin' him, pistols in the paws
C4 backpacks stickin' to the doors
You can start as a soldier, finish as a corpse
If you’re livin' you’ll be hearin', “mission is abort”
Fuck this mask! {Shotty takes off the mask}
These gloves {Shotty takes off the gloves
And puts his hand on Daylyt's shoulder}
And all the fucking faggoty gay whispering aside!
I want them to know I killed you, Daylyt
So I’m leaving these fingerprints behind
Before Dot Mobb, nobody gave a fuck about your battle bars
You had to join because you had an average start
And, apparently, gainin' your own fans is hard
So think before you do a blog
Tryna embarrass them talkin' about grabbin' ass
'Cause without that T-Rex behind you
You wouldn’t be movin' anywhere
Like that fucking T Rex in Jurassic Park
Fucking— those tats and scars
Don’t detract from the fact of how whack you are
You can fucking go to your bedroom
And do a fucking dress in Mr Miyagi’s garms
And pretend your in a Mr Miyagi spar
It won’t be enough, you can shake your head
But you look like a faggot, rah
Listen, I’m a spiteful bastard, I don’t give a fuck if Daylyt shows up looking like Michael Jackson
Yeah, I’m British (Time)
No, not time. I’m British
I came to rap. I came to rap
I want everyone at the back, the sides, and the front witness
You’ll see a white win to Day
 like a good Christmas
But let's go back to JC, 'cause you stay talkin'
J didn’t want to get overcrossin' with Lyt's, so that’s J walkin'
That’s fine for him, 'cause he get paid for it
It’s a fine for you because you have to pay for it
'Cause there’s nothin' on my mind
Other than reignin' on Day; I’m brainstormin'
I mean, yeah, I’m British
I thought you’d have some more intricate shit to spit
Like I’m not sayin' Day’s light
Or Day dreamin' if he thinks that it’s a win
I brought some more intricate shit for him
Because it's difficult when you’re from England
And it's tricky fittin' in; for instance
I don’t do drive-by's, I take my knife, stick him in the whip
Then hang him out the window
When I’m doin' sixty on the strip
Just to make him whistle in the wind


[Round 3: Daylyt]
There’s a lot of niggas in the crowd with their face
Like, "Damn, we ain’t know he spit."
That’s cool, I’m cool
I tell 'em I’m just gettin' big, well, I’m Moby Dick
Now I got some English ass to kick
I’ll be euro-stepping on some Ginobli shit
Soon as they coin toss me, it was Frosty the Snowman
These three rounds finna be cold as shit
Shit. What, you thought I wasn’t gon' raw on this main stage? You lyin', homie
Them three angles was nice—keep tryin’, homie
You wouldn’t be at my peak if you was spyin' on me
That bullshit, they buyin' phony
Look how Kwik-E-Mart, I boo niggas
You didn’t know I sneeze on Africans? Atchoo niggas!


I shoot niggas with MK's, four arms. You copy? I’m Goro
If I let the 8 off, you will not see tomorrow
First option is, I went a whole lot of tops
Quit it, y’all dolphins


Second option is: stomach shot
You can get your rib hit like a frog talkin'


Coffins lyin' bruck, beef scarred
Will we be hard? No VR, but you seem troopers
We attack with shells. Kill me?
Cool, all my kids comin' back with shells; I’m King Koopa
I said, these new butts think
Battlin' me was the wisest suggestion
I will tap a chin like I’m askin' a Chinese a question
I said, they question my status, that is weird
You don’t see I’m thuggin' out this stratosphere?
Fear me, lad, I’m a street boy
This battle like a kiloid: I’ll make sure you hear the bag


See, where I grew up, for colourin' they book niggas
That’s just a day on in Watts, you know
For niggas who feel they cray, on in a box you go
You’ll get found in a lake or stretch, remember, men
Your power meter gettin' low, Shotty
Just one more punch and it’s game over
I’ll put Shotty in a box like a new shotgun. FINISH HIM!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Y’all about to see black buried—damn, I’m bold
What I write, right down X a square—damn, I’m cold
Your life fairytale, Captain Hook, Peter Pan
These big head kids think they fly
'Til they get capped in hooks like Peter Pan
Nine of your boys got big head?
I will cap ten hooks like Peter Pan
Take of your hat
Beore I give your cap ten hooks like Peter Pan
You a Family Guy
Say you a captain? Who? Them Peter pants
Hold your bladder
Before you get capped and hooked and pee your pants
You’ll get your captain hooked like Peter Pan
He can’t take the loss
He’ll get capped and hooked like Peter Pan
Now I’m off to the woods
My camp tent hooked like Peter Pan
I wish a nigga would come to my camp tent
He’ll get hooked like Peter Pan
Comin' for when your niggas would roll up
But I cap tints, who? I’m Peter Pan
Don’t block, 'cause when shield lift up, they wood
So you can still get caps and hooks; I’m Peter Pan
Now, you see where we’ve gone
We’ve gone, leave your wig on
I wig on niggas like a transvestite
Someone put a wig on this nigga, he look like a transvestite
Rex, remember that MAC in the back of the Ac?
Well, my act wasn't actin' right, so I sit in my Ac and write
Like Ac, you right, I’m too accurate
Ask a nigga, I'll axe a nigga, no accident
But my axe'll dent a nigga, and then I ask for dinner, nigga
Then these niggas brought me breakfast
Like I asked for Denny's, nigga
Then these niggas got stripes like a bean bag
But I’ll be the bigger person
You cryin' for the win? You can have it, T
See how I got these niggas feelings hurtin'?
Who feel as if I’m hurtin' them? Like, when did I lose, no?
I really got the win, did I lose? No
I’m stretched out, long-winded, am I loose? No
We different breeds, he thought the window was loose. No
I win dough and lose like the window was loose? No
A whole lot of Sesame Street niggas
What’s today? Monday. No, I got the burner, so it’s tools day
I start airin', it’s winds-day
I bring the goons, it’s hundred and thurs-day
You just got cooked, it's Friday
Bullets puttin' your girl on her ass, it’s sat-her-day
He thought he was gonna son Day
Man, you gotta stop handin' me these weak niggas!
Now, with that bein' said, this cat’s so real
Y’all know, you win some and you… no, not that one
Y’all know the slogan, this— no
You win some, and you lose some
Y’all know the slogan: to the— no
You win some and you lose some, but you live to—
Y’all know the slogan, you ready? To the— no!
Y’all know the slogan
You win some and you lose some— to the Batmobile!


Now, I told niggas I would fry Day before the week is out
Never knew that little bar was really meanin' a lot


How ironic, I gotta kill a nigga from out of Queen of the Ring
To become that nigga at King of the Dot


I see you became best friends with Chilla
Well, you better dial Jones
Because you're about to get three from the stock


I thought it was California love
But I feel it's all eyes on me, so which one of you niggas wanna have a meetin' with Pac?
 Mmkay, mmkay…


I'm a vampire, I don't like daylight, I'd rather shoot dawg


Shotgun blowin' in a Crip nigga mouth, but it ain't Snoop Dogg
I run with some outlaws that'll roof dawg
They crazy, let they ratchet buck
An LBC crew that'll stomp him, now that's corrupt
Should I use a 9, automatic or maybe the blade?
Whatever I use'll push this bitch wig back: that's the Lady of Rage
I'll run up on him while he on stage, call your DJ bitch
Turn tables over, he try to run, I hope your DJ quick
‘Cause MC Hammer right to your left eye, I give him four rounds


I ain't even bring my own gun to Cali, I got my dog pound


Give him all rounds, the shot'll lift his skin


He'll be white by the time the doctor find him
Shout out to Eminem, mmkay mmkay…


You did a mmkay/Mortal Kombat scheme against Chilla
Now you got a bear in your sight
You gonna see death in a row, ‘cause the whole time I did "MK", it stood for Marion Knight—that's Suge


I'm in your hood, I start airin' the pipe
I hit these Crip niggas, make everyone in blue jet without preparin' a flight,
 nigga, I'm nice
I flew all the way to Cali just to make sure you pass away
A bulimic model at breakfast time: you eatin' half the tre


I'll catch him while he pickin' his son up from school
You know what I'll do? I'll blast away
Split him in half, his son stayed in school but still saw a half a day


Listen, I ain't your average battler, Davone, I'm a different terror


Got a fifty 9 and a 50, I'll blow your fitted into a different era


Got a long ratchet: that's Shooney, I get that bitch to air ya
If she miss you'll still get a funeral
From the small ratchet: that's her sister Farrah


Off the top, I'm too nice, like if you ain't got those stitches
Imagine this bitch tryin' weavin' a jab


Shout out to TDE, because today every shot gon' hit him


He's gonna have to leave in a cab


I'll throw a bullet like the nigga from the movie Wanted


So when I'm squeezin' the mag
The shit'll go through you, go through you, make Ab-Soul duck
Hit you and make your soul leave through your abs


See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
MY TOWN
Joey Bada$$
Is It Over Now? (Taylor’s Version) [From The Vault]
Taylor Swift
vampire
Olivia Rodrigo
[Round 1: Daylyt]
What they gone be sayin' is "Clips lost today"
Fuck I gotta slow that down already?
What they gone be sayin' is "Clips lost to Day"


And that goes to all the mothafuckas at Unbias
Who never thought it’d happen


My attitude is welcome to the ghetto bitch with a attitude
Let’s start the snappin'


The crowd will holla Day early
Due to my gift which is presence, let’s start the rappin'


A loss, one Day notice, let me pull a move out
A new box for you like I started packin'


See what a man do? They know
Day flow the new Bayo, I started blackin'


I slowly poke my chest out with these lines
I’m the pacemaker: I’m hard attackin'


You been on a winnin' streak
But I’m the win-breaker: Starter jacket


I take money for a ride, I applied for the job of cab man
Wrong, I would log in on homes: that’s called a cabin


No, I’ma just go a little apes and the flow fly, who called Aladdin?
Cut the Jazz, man, I need a boo who


Be on call with TEC's: mobile phone


A couple rounds will make your house roll out: mobile home


Your bro is on? We put one through his tee too: total chrome
Get DNA X’d: chromosome


The cost is another kid from N.Y. who lost: leave Home Alone


I got one 2-2, I’m so in zone


It could get ugly, bitch, the game is stale


I go retarded on stage, my name Lil Darryl


The Smack list is the blackfish, who y’all savin’? Well


Nigga, we bust chrome
The heat done put more niggas to sleep than a Jigglypuff song


What the fuck’s wrong? I bust chrome, I do him in a greezy way
Two 4's leave six ate, who do we appreciate?
He think escape?


I got a Asian bitch that “make sure you hurry up and die”


Follow you wherever you go, “Hurry up and buy!”


My crew gotta watch ya, tool cock and pop ya
You want more? We lift up two rocket launchers


Leave your man slumped, NBA Jam pump
All you gon’ hear is “Boomshakalaka!”


I go double noodles like two pots of pastas


These 2Pac impostors ain’t 'bout that thug life, yeah


Why would he beef in this toy story?
When I’m the one who got the buzz, this is Lyt's year, type queers


Nina won’t leave that ass alone: she like to flirt


Arms swing, teach you how to Dougie: you like to Jerk


One shot will air out his neck: you like to burp


You look wrong, I give your eye 90: you like the Chirp


That was a hard line, pro: I like the perk


These niggas will be gettin' killed: they life a skirt


One punch push his mouth to the side: he like to smirk


Little nigga get his whole body blew: you like the Smurfs


I spot a fake nigga from a mile away: you dyke berserk


One call, put his face in a box: use Skype to murk


You thought one button was gone save your ass from dyin'?
Who Life Alert?


Big nigga answers your door, *ding dong*
“Who is it?”—true life of Lurch


Here, take a couple of them messy-cans: who like the work?


Long strap give you a bag: you like the purse


Get his ass popped on cam: you like to twerk


Get planted with a big round: you like the Earth


I told these niggas I’m so gritty
I had to kill him for my whole city
Another N.Y. legend who died in Cali—it’s no biggie
And I don’t give a fuck about you, we are not friends, my nigga
2Pac was originally from the East Coast
So that mean we killed two N.Y. niggas


[Round 2: Charlie Clips]
I watched one of your battles the other day
And I was thinkin' to myself like, “Where the game went?”
It’s about 3,694 battle rappers today
And they all spittin' the same shit
What happened to you, Day?
I see you doin' a bunch of lame shit
You used to have them fuckin' bars; now every time I turn around
You tryna win a battle strictly off name flips
Like, what it is, Day?


If I reach to give you a five I ain’t your friend, Day
11:59, but that’s P.M., I’m 'bout to end Day
Got a Ocho and a Nueve, blakka—no comprende?


No matter what time of the week it is I don’t lose, I wins, Day
I called Ill Will’s Jamaican connect
Like, “Yo, you know my son Day?”
He said “Rass Clot from L.A.? Yea, I know the mon Day”
He said send his head one way
Shot hit him, push him that-a-way
I had to fry Day the day after Friday, it won’t be a sadder day


But let’s put that away, I ain’t tryna kill you with name flips
But I bet he does a bunch of cartoon bars or video game flips
What happened to all the “You’ll get Capped in America” stuff?


That was flame shit, now every time I turn around
You always doin' some lame shit


It’s always Goku this or Gohan that when you spit it, bro
Okay, you love draggin’ balls, I get it, bro
My side bitch called me
Like, “Could you imagine boo if you hit it slow?”
But I got a girl so I pay her a lot of green to keep my pickle low
She bad, Summer Madness crowd wouldn’t boo ma
Her name’s Chanel, she a diva
I hit it once, I went ape, now she could tell, I’m a leader
*Kahhh-mmee* Nigga please
You’ll get a shell from the heater
For you to survive the Dots will have to put your cell in a freezer
Speakin' of sell, we in L.A., a lot of platinum albums were sold here
You nice, but with all them super sayings
The most you can do is go gold here
I let that four flare, point the deuce, throw the beam in your mouth
I do the fusion dance with Chilla, then scheme in your house


I battle 10 times a year, my nigga, and I’m never seen in a drought
Watch your mouth
You better weave or get this beam to your scalp
Run your lips, I gun your shit, throw this beam in your mouth
Christina Milian when I get mad you’ll find his dreams on the couch


I told y’all it’d be a total slaughter when the gun bustin' and shit
I'll let this arsenal spit in your face for 90 seconds
But Joe Buddens ain’t judgin' this shit


Talk about you’ll give me the "open hand, fist and the deuce"
And y’all believe him
I’ll have the one pointin' before he get to the deuce
That’s odds and even


Boy, I’m nice – you win some, you lose some, you lost this one


[Round 2: Daylyt]
In the hood they charge 1K for one K
And to keep it a buck X 10 that’s why everybody remainin' a G


They eyeless pilot fly, precision division is plain as can be


Them niggas take flight on sight
I said I am the old Jedi, yo the crowd notice everything it'll slash
I slice bricks, with a bright line to fight with
Lyt saber anything in his path
The staff feel like, "Oh, b won?"—this so you can know, b


It take you outta that ring like you divorced


And I trained a little, trolley form, Johnny Storm
It’ll be just another Human Torch
When I put that flame on niggas, one thing we got in common is we can rock, man, but I rest killers
You say they missed a fantastic line?
That’s ‘cause it was a stretch, nigga


I’m the best, nigga, they put you in a trap
Meanin' beatin', I got the sound to the South
I’m nice, he knew, it’s a igloo: I got a cold round for the house


But chill, I will find happiness, my pursuit is goin' fine


Crew is gonna shine, we shoot at his feet
Dance, Clips! Do it for the Vine!


I shine through that hard knock life, but it ain’t no anti-skippin'


And he Crippin’, look at the can he grippin'
The long whistle will put a end to your show: Andy Griffith


Pump Yosemite, Amityville Horror
Granny will feel sorrow, when the rides come
I tell her, "Don’t cry, sis, this is just a standard crisis."
He gon' figure out who Christ is when I send you to God’s son


And that’s on my Godson
Soon as I got the infrared like I got son


My mode turned off ‘cause at first I was in for Red, but I got son
So my old mission was cancelled
But I still lift that infrared, send you to God, son
Mode: I am ahead by a big amount, I’m in Fred the God Son mode


My girl with the business too, she aims
When she get in her killin' zone, see brains
With the chrome, she William Hung: she bangs




[Round 3: Charlie Clips]


How long it took to prepare for Day? A day
Nah, it was more like a week and a half
Worked on my rhymes on Monday
Was finished by Friday, then the whole weekend I crashed
Woke up another day, watched his battles
Then the whole weekend I laughed
‘Cause I realized he don’t deserve a bar
You’re not really a star, all of your antics are
So why not speak to your mask?


What I look like puttin' you on my fuckin' face?
I didn’t fly out to Cali to look like no damn fool
When I put you on my face it’s to hurt somethin' for real
I’m not tryna battle rap and get no damn views


When niggas put you on they face it mean murder
I remember seein' your face every night on the damn news


I even remember you on Bishop face
When he robbed Old Man Quiles with his man Q


But now you just jumpin' on any nigga face, mask
And honestly, I can’t take it
How you go from Schoolboy Q and Young Buck album
To a battle rapper that’s gettin' naked?


You belong on the faces of niggas
That’s doin' all the killin', all the robbin' and torture
Instead you on the face of a nigga
That’s killin' battle rap and robbin' the culture


You gotta stop this shit, face mask
When I murder niggas, I leave ‘em with no trace
You want your niggas to look they killa in the eye
I rather you look your killa in his whole face
So you could remember the nigga from the East Coast
That stripped you of your pride and your glory
Real niggas don’t need a face mask
I don’t plan for you to live to tell your side of the story


To the Batmobile—nigga, shut the fuck up!
You and that silly slogan
You and Roc both Dot Mob, but his buzz is really growin'
See, Roc the Dot that’s on top of this dot, I mean it’s really showin'
‘Cause he the Dot at the bottom that’s always gettin' curved
That’s a semi-colon


You really thought you’d be ahead of Mook, my nigga?
Come on, Day, stop!
Your name will forever be behind Mookie: you Blaylock


That tre pop
His moms won’t even recognize him when his face drop
In order for the cops to know if that’s Lyt
They had to call in Tay Roc


Nigga, that’s bars plus schemes plus delivery
Nigga, that was a true finish; they paid money to hear classics
They don’t wanna see your new gimmick
Your name is Daylyt, but your skin is midnight
You need a new image; now you better thank Lush and God
That these rounds was only two minutes


[Round 3: Daylyt]
I remember that time on URL that I never spent
I got paid to do a battle that never happened
And I kept every cent


You smell me? Tell b I kept scorchin’ to that Whoville
Horton, a God to that URL event
Who say they the world and all I keep hearin' is
These little voices tellin' me you can’t copy respect, it’s trust
Same people who feel like they world is everything
But all I see is a speck of dust


Irrelevant niggas want a piece of me, I tell ‘em it’s no slice


They hunger, isn’t never to slumber
I do my numbers on a square, the element’s so dice


But I gives no fucks: I’m celibate


And I’m buggin' off the top, where I’m headed is fro lice


The flow elegant, straight kitchen, when Day spittin'


Consider it great stitchin', I tell 'em I’m so nice


But I’m 'bout to go in, bree, yo, another lil fella with no life
You better abort, shun, ‘fore you see what the lead did
Quill, I stillbirth the new style
So the feat is guaranteed, you’ll be dead, kid
It was over before you came out, lil fella: miscarriage
That’s a toddler, tragedy, Dizaster said I’m a bastard


‘Cause I don’t give a fuck about son
And I’m your father, apparently


But what I inherited is a slug, man, and a gun to pound with
What you gon inherit is Harriet Tubman
You goin' underground, bitch!


And that’s for railroads, I had to give him the clip


What I gotta put that it in “Grindin” or somethin'?
I said that Pharell road, I had to give him the Clipse


They said my antics killin' this shit
Well, check my momentum, I need all viewers


I took the West from inches to a foot every yard: we all rulers


That last battle I had with ICE, chess: we are cooler


Y’all bout to see b rest while I’m eatin': we are Hooters


I been searchin' for this little boy all night: we are cougars


You sleep on me, you get killed in your dream: we are Kruger


Fine, get smoked with the lines: we are hookahs


Clips is a clear joke: these are bloopers


I go fire on that last level: we are Koopa


Everybody in that van draws: we are Luther


Standin' there with the gauge soon as you arrive: we are Loopers


That power range rip off shit: V.R. Troopers


First of all, don’t hype his pride
To kill you I was searchin' for the right disguise
So fuck this mask, I want you to look your killer in the eyes
SIKE! I LIED!


I told you, nigga, this is Day's city
I don’t know what the fuck y’all thought in they city


Dog get aired with a round to the mouth: play frisbee


He said I’m on my bipolar shit, I tell him I’m on my straight grizzly


This is a tragic spoof
When I shoot dog, I’ll mute dog, you won’t have a roof


If you lost faith in me (enemy) than you must no longer believe in God
Right?
Today we see the atheist in the fox hole
You know my motto (Modduo), no matter how low (hollow) Earth get I earth shit
I'm goin' straight to the core to take Roc(k)'s soul


On this hip hop road, big Glocks sold, the tool is what they hope for
But I do this
I'm in disbelief how Pistol Geek has become the folklore


Bro sure (brochure) got booked but that's where we upped the plan


What Day' jot now will break Roc(k) down, see what I'm sayin' (sand)
Every line shall (shell) sink (sync) in sonically
Today the slaves will see data (Day' to) wave as I do you foul (file)
Share, scared they'll boo you wild


Why would I play though (Plato) Cave been turned into skeptics (sketches)


Permanent flexin', dome split
Firmament exit, protect you sheeple live, peep the grid
We equal? Shit
This shit finna be a piece of cake
PizzaGate, y'all should've known I'd eat the kid
Hillary, you feelin' me?


Oh it's finna get bloody baby


I've come to kill, Columbus feel
I'm at your Plymouth, Roc(k),
 with humongous steel
Quill, that's the key to 'Lyt


Smack zone, anybody who buggin' get snapped on


Rap prone to eat-a-mite (Edomite), see the light ('Lyt)?
This ain't something that any nigga should test
You get buried in caskets
Sumerian tablets


What I write could lay (clay) any nigga to rest
You get the message Roc(k)?


You alright (all write) with me but it's hieroglyphics


See what I did there? Cairo physics


Even if Roc(k) try angles (triangles) he still appear a mid (pyramid) tier on stream


Don't be in denial (da Nile)
, all of this bread free
I know exactly why you lookin' salty, it's cause you Dead
Sea (see),
 what's in my mind
And make sure the (w)hole Cave get in they feelings so quickly


Can you dig it Roc(k)?
If not I still feel ya men are all (mineral) wit' me


Oh that was cold (coal)
You see how I black Roc like the black top?


I don't just scheme so I can sound hot
By the time I show my street side you already in the ground, Roc(k)


Kill
This the nigga y'all put in front of me thinkin' he can stop Quill?
Give me some space or, glacier Roc(k), chill


Extendo, with this amount (a mount), let's see if the doc can make Roc(k) heal (hill)
Y'all trippin', shot lickin', you on your bull with the long nose
Scott Pippen (shocked) that your man died
, I'm winnin' by a landslide
It look like I done caught Roc(k) slippin'


On the first day becomin' a crackhead, I'm goin' to get Roc(k)


Second day? Unselfish crackhead, I'm comin' to split Roc(k)


Third day? Big deuce out, might have to kick Roc(k)


If I slide, my family slide behind you
You fuck with the Tik Tok
, I'm on my shit Roc
And I'm not sparin'
Today everybody dies, no ops sparin'
Hard grillin', I'ma deuce a (Medusa) nigga
If Roc starin',
 it's gonna be hard to swallow this
See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
CRASH DUMMY
Joey Bada$$
WORDISBON
Daylyt
THE FINALS
Joey Bada$$
Oh I got a reaction in the crowd? How?!


It's gonna be hard to swallow this
That's where the trust stop I dust Roc(k); archaeologist


Pistol big
I turned down how many PG's? Thirteen (PG-13), that shit for kids




{People in the building start cheering}
Let me rap my nigga!


I got paid 1.8 million dollars just to be here


Boy, you was just the bread saver


For the change, boy have I changed


Now if I sacrifice a round for some people, one of you niggas gon' be dead later
You're dead, lay there, hey there
They wanna know what I'ma do (Imadu), what I'ma say (Amazay), what I'ma wear


This was all a part of my plan
The entire internet got me winnin' that puts you under a whole lotta pressure Roc(k), but you're still gonna die man (diamond)


Shine in the ring, today all that shit stop here
Diamond shine in the ring? Yeah I'm finna beat (be) Roc(k) clear


This my year
I used to rap with a lot of space
A Lotta Zay pace, Ooops, slip with a lot of race bait
It was the prophet or the profit, either way Roc get the outta space Day'


Peak, is heavy morn (mourn?)
As I ascend you, they can pretend you God in (guidin') every storm


It's a difference
I got booked to eat and they just asked you to battle men you (menu) not ready for
Then these (Denny's) niggas come in here dyin' (dine)
Tryin' [?] take the mistake (miss steak) route
You asked for a million views, I got a mil' (meal) that'll give you a viewin'
Who in here wanna be a nigga the triggers take out?


This is food for thought, I would use the tre (tray) mind you
If we drive-thru and if the do' lock I gotta throw Roc(k)s
If I don't finish you now, a clown gettin' a to-go box


I'm too good boy
By the third round we gon' kill all that hood noise
You gon' shoot?
I am Groot, I wish you would (wood) boy
People stick wit' me
As niggas we're all cut from a different branch, nigga
Or they figure it's just the similes 'til a nigga get barked on


Shit like that is for my ministry (many street) dawgs (dogs)
Stop, whatever you had planned is not finna show
Shit lookin' real JC-ish
I'm just up here smokin' Roc(k) on the low


Stop it, ya done
You know the motto, the prophet the one
Y'all should've followed the slogan
They told you niggas, don't throw Roc(k)'s at the sun
Eastside nigga!
[Round 1: Tay Roc]
'Lyt what's up?
We surprised you ain't come dressed as a Mighty Duck
Or come in your idol's grey hoodie and call yourself "Lyted Lux"
You'se a fuckin' clone of Loaded
You even try to pen how he write it
Hey Beloved
Why don't we just call this nigga "Be-lyted"?
Hey Be-lyted, I been knew you was a clone
I was tuned in
John John, only Clone I respects in the Bull Pen
True shit
What kinda man are you?
You get on Vlad and say you wanna suck a dick in a battle
Like, who's a fan of you?
When you get drunk you don't be lookin' for pussy
He'd rather suck on a Slinky
Dawg (Dog), soon as he get a Buzz, 'Lyt (Light) be lookin' for Woody


They ain't book you a rookie
They know what I'm a do to Day' in Cali
Make the block hot
Caliente when Tay in Cali


They said I can't gun bar him to death
That ain't the case
You overslept, a little too long, this Day a waste
Aye, before you sniff coke do you say your grace?
You forgot who I am?! (IM)
You must've lost his memory, who gave Day' the (data) base?


Remember?!
They gave me Goodz outta the blue
Bonanza
"This is your king?!"
He felt the power of Wakanda
This just a reminda
If somebody gotta die, it's your candle that's gettin lit first Day'; Kwanzaa
That's some black, red and lime candles
Who try to amp you?
I should've no showed you
Told Smack, "I cancel"
If this wasn't financial, I would take a .9 handle
Gun butt
Leave Davone Campbell
's mind scrambled
This faggot Davone think he a warrior
Aye y'all think Day' a knight?
My clique, Oxy morons (oxymorons), we'll catch Day' at night


I say it right?
Class in session in my classroom
As far as Daylyt? Son (sun) could eat clips (eclipse) from a half moon
I'ma SPAZ soon!
Just cause they try to hype you and I don't like you
Flashlight on top of the rifle
It's delightful
Spiteful
At any moment I'll make this movie scary
Kids come out
'Lyt (light) inside a bag; luminaries
If we pull up in a Honda, shit gonna get handled Accord-ingly


I'm talkin' R.I.P. shirts, iron on it, and embroidery
You toy wit' me, I'll call Tsunami, you'll get wiped out
I'll send a wave crashin'
You'll see shells around 'Lyt (light) house


Thought you'd be the champ at King Of The Dot, ha
I had high doubts
Nigga, black lives do not matter in that White House
You was better off doin' a prank, leavin' me psyche'd out
Smack, put the bat in ya hands, watch him strike out
I pull this knife out, watch Spawn get beheaded
Davone will regret it
I'ma make sure they all get the message
Buck 50, send 'em off to the medic
The way 'Lyt's (light) skin start poppin', made dark bitches jealous


Try me
Try me!
TRY ME!
There's a price to pay
Take your life away
I'll slice 'Lyt right down the middle and leave twice a Day
I ask, "Who nice as Tay?"
And y'all called Daylyt
I'd a broad Daylight and brought Day right in front ya broad Daylyt
Real shit
Davone, get outta line, you get all hands
I'll go ape shit, swing on Davone (da vine); Tarzan
You feel comfortable with Crips behind you, you best bring 'em
Without his niggas, Davone's shyer (Devonshire) that's southwest England


I'm the king and you gon' play my way
I spray my K
Knock ya head off of your shoulders, I'll sit Day' by Day'
Tinted whip-
HOW AM I GETTING A REACTION?! HOW?!


Tinted whip, I follow Day', right up out the bar
And I hope don't nobody tell 'Lyt (Tail light) when he right behind the car
Cause this nigga dead, right at the red light, collide wit' his car
I'm tryin' to push in ya grill and ya head light ('Lyt)


Then show up to ya funeral Day'
And tell ya family it wasn't Avocado that Ruin'ed your Day
I got a Spanish gun plug, named "Señor"
I call him like, "Send your (señor) boys some shit that come wit' a drum."
He like, "Hola."
I'm like, "Nigga, send me a more (amore) lovable gun."
I give the cue to the hitta
The nod'll (de nada) will turn into some gangsta shit
Cryin' when ya mama see the (mamacita) scene she need a handkerchief
Shit, I blew (blue) cheese on a chopper, that's cheddar spent
Swiss cheese nozzle, that's a mozzarella stick


I don't care if The prophet, the sun, I catch a case (queso), so I'ma spray that


I don't know what your favorite accessory is on a gun but mine a ray (Monterey) Jack


You Tom Hanks
All I'm tryin' to say that
You gon' end up in a Cast, Away from home and have to find your way back
Boy, it's only about thus far I could trust y'all
I'll get you set up to catch a Hollow, just like Lux when they did the trust fa...
Five goons
 hop outta one car
I scream, "THAT'S LIGHT ('Lyt)!"
They don't know if I seen him or said a gun bar
Jump off
Only person gon' stop me, gon' be God
If you in here actin' like you a nigga that got me raw
I'll show up to your front porch, squeeze numbs
Run in the spot, boy, I'll give Day' the Mac better than Steve Jobs
Home invasion
With an AK, cause a melee
Torture him, boy I'll pull an all nighter tryin' to break Day'
If I gotta wait for Day' I guess we gon' be all night
Ain't no almost, we gon' fight
Dance game at the arcade, I will put hands and feet on light ('Lyt)


He gon' watch everything blackout after I put this knee on (neon) light ('Lyt)


You one of them goofy ass clown niggas
They only wanna hear light ('Lyt) bars when my round finished
Light bars


[Round 2: Daylyt]
Mr. Big Clip wit' the big drip
Oh he focused he so consistent
This who we applaud?
You know species who don't like to evolve have no existence
That's why when y'all tell me he's a legend I say, "What the fuck for?"
You wanna know what's ironic?
How you the face Roc(k) when you ain't in the conversation of Mount Rushmore


Let me explain (X plane), like a Logan flight, oh you board the plight


Well you'se a brave man
How does it feel to be in a parallel universe when you do the verse?
For example, how you deface Roc(k) when you're not in the conversation of Mount Rushmore
And yet you the Cave man


Oh I get it, you like to stick to the fire


Well this is lighter (Lyt'er) fluid writer, don't try to do this


This is facts
You would (wood) box with the fire like this a match on a tinder site
Why sleep on a fire round when it ain't a slumber night?
You know it's the simple laws of cookin' in the wild
Roc(k) will always be under light ('Lyt)
By the third, Roc(k) shall (shell) be boxed in
Here we can learn the Flat Earth Theory confirm
Or the man gifted, can' lifted
Hold up, scroll up, as I break Roc(k) right down
It might sound like everything I'm sayin' scripted


Encrypted since I was born
Seen (C) Day
' in 2020, I guess it's the place to freeze greatness
A God, y'all wait (Yahweh) for me, pray for me
Bleed Grape
, I just need space to create this
World when (whirlwind) Roc(k) swirl in
As I black, hold (hole) on while I soil his (solar) system
It's more shit to see
What more I can do?
When I line plan it (align planet) in every round
I must remind him of everything they steal (still)
 or bit (orbit) from me
Simply, Con' still ate (constellate) from my rhymes that they
Slow It Down now is what I tried first
I ain't see no media writin' (meteorite) comments (comets)


So in order for me to become a star I had to create a disguise (da skies) burst
Was wise first
Like, "'Lyt you showed your anus (Uranus), mooned the world
Almost divide turf
But(t) the way I write I know I could murk you read (Mercury) the lyric
You'll hear it, a queer is what I put inside her


Went and got a deal, aN EP
Tuned (Neptune) up with assigned work
Married my wife, sat her in (Saturn) the ring, with a live church
They told you put in her (Jupiter) in somethin' that drive first
Now the garage look like a V nest (Venus), the drive hurt
Moral of the story is, I switched it up, got on smart time
Now the whole Galaxy Watch-in', clockin'


Told you, shit gon' be a lot different when you and I verse (universe)
To start it all, it's time I go at him (atom)
Scatterin
', Tay get struck
Recall fluid, he gon' shatter


Matter of fact this the crux
See stars groovin', I'm serious (Sirius)


We all evolved in the midst
 flamin'
Roc, you knew I could rock (croc) before the abyss my exist came in (Caiman)
If you're aimin' to pull my Watts card
Let's take it back to when I first became a pop star
I was Big Bangin'


I sonned (sun-ed) all, but still planted (planet) seed
Granted (granite) if beasts came around they heard (herd) stock
Herbs get herds cropped
Birds flock, blocked vision; Bird Box
Earth curved plots
I respect it, man listen
My mission is to protect the land
Any nigga who disrespect the third Roc(k)


Yellin', "We goin' global."
Scalin', tell 'em, "All shall be murked."
'Kay, the map (mercator map) project whatever you plan, neglected


Get split by the man, see ya
When the camera pan; G up (Pangaea)
Told you, everything that land connected


But today I'm in a divine (Davone) state
Hi Drake, let me hydrate
Electro-Lyt protected by the divine
Never devise great


While I (wild eye) state
They dilate or die late


You can't violate the violator
Wale lookin' wild late
Bars like that got 'em movin 'cross the world


The fans screamin', "Oh my, great." (migrate)
I know, mad (nomad), ain't it?
Give your second a second shot I shall (shell) compact
Hell come
It's hell P


There's literally nothing you can do to help him Smack


When the cell come, they'll come rap
But they all have Free Will to be killed
This how these kids feel when it's a welcome (whale come) back
It's over Roc(k)


Welcome Smack
Work pants, they'll come slack
Land crazy
, check out the acre size
Fade, taper guy
You asked for high smoke until you get vaporized
Oh, the shit ease, I mean I can rock
Believe It Or Not a nigga finna get ripped, please (Ripley's)
Stop Roc
Stretch, landscape, get the photo y'all
When you're this good you gotta be the protocol (pro to call)
Cut it, lacerated
Promise, the pen to end the Ramadan
Wouldn't leave him this fascinated (fast and ate it)
Jurassic, ain't it?
Get your rap tore (raptor) Roc(k)


It's the Stone Age
Zone raised, dirt buyers and Earth sires
Cave men will go extinct and Roc(k) will too, when the first fire
It's the jungle
Get put in the dirt Roc(k), we could rumble (crumble)
I craft rounds out of (outer) space flight
Alienated
, sons (suns) you never saw, sir (saucer) be humble
Y'all should fear me
This my shit, I rehearse with caution clearly
You are now watchin' a man go ape shit
I have reversed the Darwin Theory


In theory all you nigga's writin' suck
Been in the ceiling, hiding, stuck
Get put in Hell dirty, you heard me, bite the dust
In order for you to get to this God level you gotta tighten (Titan) up
You see R.I.P., I could rip (Crip) cats
I'm so loc


Scare raps
I dare (D.A.R.E.) cats
You don't want no smoke


I'm married to this game
Who could beat me in the ring?
Not a single person, I win crystal clear


In this case, niggas get erased when they face this up here (disappear)
I go in your pocket once, in your pocket twice
Remarkable how I test the geek
TEC's will squeak
He thought he was gonna recover and got an extra sheet


Ya just dead
One to ya gums, ya mouth will be Big Red


Hit your bitch head, she got riddled with bullets for runnin' the wrong way
She was misled (Ms. Lead)


And you? Get hit with a lot of .9's
That top tier (tear) feel different when it's ya mama cryin'
Bitch get shot too, now y'all equally in the hospital, trauma ties (traumatized)
The prophet, the son
I am the one, you should've followed the motto
They told you niggas, don't throw Roc(k)'s at the sun
Eastside, nigga


[Round 2: Tay Roc]
Hey 'Lyt
There's some things I just can't understand
Like...how you come at me with tranny "rumors" and there's footage of you sayin' you'll fuck a man
Watch yo' fag mouth
You talk about bein' at a celebrity house wit' yo' ass out right there on Vlad couch
Crips don't allow that type of shit at the function
You said you wanna fuck Diddy, which is disgustin'
You said while all the celebrities watch you wanna be the bitch Diddy fuckin'
Then you said you ain't never lie in yo' life to end the discussion
If Diddy seen that interview, from the game you instantly blackballed
He don't care about that
He just care about Diddy black balls
Look at me
Tell your son (sun), you ain't got nothin' to hide Day'
Then go outside with the rest and protest, show ya pride, Day'
You wore a pink dress and diss Young Thug? You outta place
Dressed up as a slave at King Of The Dot, get out our race
You better watch what you do, there's some shit you can not erase
This is what "Weird As Fuck" would look like if it got a face
I already knew what this would lead to one day
They said, "Yo you got 'Lyt in L.A.! You bet' not even come play!"
You know what I told 'em?
I don't give a fuck if we on the west I came dressed to impress
All the way from the east to (Easter) son Day' (Sunday)
He wit' gun play
Reach for the banger and I'ma pop him
Body me?!
Y'all think he able? I gotta stop him
Smack, he can't eat wit' the label, that's how I'm rockin'
No thanks, givin' (Thanksgiving) Day' a seat at the table
Is not an option
You wanna make this a fight?
Take some advice
Watchin' ya son (sun) bein' born, you better give us the best Day' of your life
I ain't takin' him light
And if I gotta swing, by whatever means
I'll have y'all lookin' at the worst Day' you ever seen
Let me hear that you got work that you sell a fiend
I'ma have you comin' off of the pack; cellophane
I'm hella mean
You really should've called off this truly
Disney channel
Facts, I watch Mickey dog walk this Goofy
Spooky, put shells in an Eagle, I'll load it on ya
Then give a cat this (cactus) out the Desert, it ain't holdin' water
Fuckin' wit' Dracula, you gonna need some holy water
Soon as you try some shit on this stage; Total Slaughter
I'm Restoring Order
You think that Rock, Paper, Scissor shit is cute
Boy, I don't play Rock, Paper, Scissors
I play Rock, Paper, Scissors, shoot
This the truth
What I got in this stash
You gotta surpass
I'm too far ahead of Day', light ('Lyt) years away
I'm not in your grasp
I'm outta ya class
Shotty will blast ya body in half
Somethin' Brightburn


Shoot the eyes of 'Lyt outta the mask
Body ya ass!
Smack, I'm forced to make an arrangement
This is how I torture Day' in the basement
Got a scope on it, but I gun butt him until of course it basically breaks it
Now I got no handle, just the lens
Morpheus shades in The Matrix


Tay really dangerous
Crazy, belong in a padded room
This 12 aim in the middle of Day'; afternoon
This cat a goon? Why?
Cause y'all know he wit' the Crips?
All that Grape Street locin' ain't legit
I'll have y'all seein' through Daylyt cause a hole is in his shit
Then toss Daylyt (daylight) in the sea, I'm makin' photosynthesis
I know you been a bitch
Never met you and you ain't never know me
FACTS


We was both Dot Mobb, but we was never homies
You gonna go out like Tekashi, rattin' on hella homies


I'ma end up spendin' a year booked (yearbook), I can picture Day' (picture day) tellin' on me


You hella phony
You'd get laid out if you played wit' Roc
The way 'Lyt (light) knocked out-
Aye Craig, check the circuit breaker box
I start takin' shots
Just know it's straight without a chase
We blam TEC's
Free hand sketch, not a trace
You said meet you here, nah, let's go outer space
Put him in the Earth, liftin' heaters
Mind ya business, won't give him AR's (Mars), go intervenous (Venus)
Open ya eyes, realize, you're in the (Uranus) shit I'm plannin' for him
Cremate him
Church sat out urns (Saturn) for the family mournin'
Nigga you'll get murked
You reach I'll pull a hammer on him
Inf' beam, Jupiter, red dot plant it (planet) on him
Tripod, hi-def cannon (Canon) on him


Boy this shit hi-tec, and you can tell TEC "hi" when I blam it on 'em
Do damage on him
Boy I will grip on iron, no lyin'
Sunset
Daylyt vanish behind this hoe risin' (horizon)
You was at the Chevron, I drove by him
Soon as he hit the gas, click and blast, you Mistah Fab, ya ghost ridin'
You a weirdo
Make sense why Rex and Mook wanna claim you
You wear that mask cause you ugly, not even you wanna face you
Back of the head, two slugs erase you
I stand over ya body, peel on the mask, that's a cucumber facial
I know that you hearin' me
In Cali, just know that I got loc's that's securin' me
Two .40's, one .9, ten .38's
Sound like a social security
No bit of fear in me
Fuckin' wit' Roc, he ain't here to stay
Body shot, you can see straight through, shit who clear as Day'?
Pussy!
You one of them goofy ass clown niggas
They only wanna hear light ('Lyt) bars when my round finish
And my rounds finished


[Round 3: Daylyt]
If anybody was gonna worry bro
You gotta watch niggas who don't fuck wit' the glory hole
In my Mook
 voice, "E'rybody wanna know. So here's how the story goes." hahaha
I ain't joined Dot Mobb just so I could make my name bigga
I joined Dot Mobb outta respect for Rex, Mook, Nemesis, Norms, Flamez, Q Dott, we was tryin' to make the game scrilla
Rex said, "What about Roc?"
I said, "Roc hot. But out of all the Cave he can rap too
. And he never bring filler."
Rex said they got a lot in common when they rhymin', both of 'em like to aim triggers
A few years pass, I get a text from Rex he go, "Daylyt you was right and I'm ashamed nigga."
I go, "Rex what happened?"
He go, "K-Shine and Tay Roc might be talkin' to the same nigga."
I said, "Wait, wait, wait."
In the back of my mind I'm sayin' "Aw plant."
Then the picture message pop up, aww man it was all man (almond)
Nuts
Literally
Everywhere, straight drenched
Then I Then I told myself "Hmmm, it all makes sense" it all makes sense
This explains why you never had none of the bitches at the kick back
Then the next battle you got on stage and said, "Niggas be sleepin' on you."
Oh you really meant that
Then you said you was in the room with it cocked in you arm, you really did that
Then you said, you be goin' in, but(t) hold (hole) on, you really wit' that
Hmmm, it all makes sense
The next bar gon' have all y'all sayin', "Stop. Whoa."
Cave Gang
Cave Gang?
A buncha niggas in Roc hole
Hmmm, it all makes sense
It all makes sense
And at that moment while you're tellin' yourself the shit should stop
You created Gun Titles
Gun Titles, guess who always behind him? Mr. Cox
 (cocks)
Hmmm, it all makes sense
Why you overexaggerate your masculinity to hide your feminine side with a tough flex
You named yourself "Dracula"
Dracula! I wonder what nigga you gon' suck next (necks)
Hmmm
Hmmm
Hmmm, it all makes sense
Why you took the picture with your legs hangin' out, tongue all down, in the background, man pants was hangin' up
Gay is in your bloodline
You named yourself "Dracula" holmes
Dracula home? The Trans-ylvania
Hmmm, it all makes sense
How a child outrovert can be so intricate, I demand space
A clear win(d) is what the fan's say
Man wait
All this time to make you look bitch
I got an itch to make him trans-late
Oh that was trans-cendant
You was Smack plan/vision like a backhand
But man listen, I know why your career lost drive, it was the trans-mission
And you see that I'm the realer nigga, why?
Fuck this mask, I want you to look your killer in the eyes


[Daylyt takes off his most infamous prop. His ski mask]


Y'all saw the flier, the sire back on the card, yes
Hard west
They get a dub versus a sub par bar [?] guest
All I need is a hard stretch
Bows, I ain't did this in awhile
Y'all really expectin' dawg (dog) to get to get a round? That's kinda far fetched
Ball heavy, I'm who these pups fear
When Quill shown I kill holm (home)
It's a haunted mansion with a hindsight gift
Mind like Fisk
I get a sheep a round they never heard (herd) of
Smoke, murda
You ain't never faced a nigga who could rhyme (crime) like this


It's just, y'all knew he was cooked soon as I saw Tay (sauté)


He get a double you (W), I just had to make sure my verse is straight
Purpose great but never perpetrate
Perpendicular surface, Earth is fake
You're worthless Jake
To win, whip him, what I'm sayin' is
Y'all believe these carbon copies could stop me
Who ever I battle in person ate (impersonate)
It tastes great full (grateful)
Smack! It happened, rappin' is y'all favorite nigga I figured I'd cap it
Do you know what'll happen if I chase a nigga?
You get the open hand, the fist or the deuce
Rock, paper, scis-
Man this nigga so soft I could probably take Roc's paper with some scissors
Clearly, I don't think they hear me
I said, "The nigga's so soft I could probably take Roc's paper with SZA"
Nigga, that's gonna be hard to Top


And you say, you the face of URL, they stamp you Tay
K cramp, you pay measly, Beasley hand stuck in ya pocket for profit
With every Trap you stay, Smack you say, you hope he show up armed so you can get a cut
Oh fuck, that explains why they amp you Tay (amputee)


Roc[k] wit' me, that's light? You right, I'm at (match) you
Two deuce attached to, attack to, bury, scary, Terry hacks you
I ain't ask you, y'all wanna see a Smack move
Smack move, they say, "URL only fuck with gun bars" is that true?
Cock shotty, Roc(k) body, is dat you (statue)


On the ground man, pound sprayin', right where the man standin'
K with the foldin' stock
Big hole in Roc(k), welcome to the Grand Canyon
It'll be less you if they don't ask God, bless you
I'll stretch you, Roc the plot is yoga
Oh they jot the meteorite Roc(k), got sent outer space
Why would I stress you
You don't write the shit that make niggas dome [?]
Stonehenge, can convince me that Roc(k)'s special
It's just you, who oughta check the flow Roc(k)
But damn, dam
, they say Roc(k) will be too big he got turned into Pebbles; Bam Bam


Infrared (Fred) got me feelin' like DeadShot
You sleep on The Flintstone bar I'll put one in your bed Roc (Bedrock)
Every bar, need
 to be tailormade
It's wizardry with the similes
You think I'ma run outta name flips?
Aw nigga I got some mo'
You in trouble then, Roc(k) bubblin' it must've been pots of dope
It's toxic yo'
Less gossip, gosh I washed Roc(k), we add lots of soap
That might be for beginners
Remember, you had that one bitch house like it was yours
Like she gave you the keys, told you to lock the do'
You said you had a yacht to show
I don't believe ya, Aaliyah couldn't get 'Roc(k) The Boat'
Dawg stop!
Ya heater spark, Linkin' Park, ya soft Roc(k)


Well let me guess, you're feelings torn
Well even if you was hard Roc(k), you're still a corn (Korn
)
Big stock, aimin' high
Niggas thinkin' I'ma slip, not (Slipknot), get the gat


Five to his spine, Roc(k) better get aligned with Nickelback


I get to Smack-
Screamin' should I keep it goin'?
You should see they face
They sayin', "No way."
Beasley asked me am I prepped I said, "Yep. I just need Three Days Grace
 to run a cold play (Coldplay
)."
You've been preppin' wrong
You wanna get to the top of the card, I gotta deck his dome
Right before I fuck Lux up, I gotta kick Roc(k) ass, I guess you the steppin' stone
This is my disguise, I'm not surprised
Glocks'll fly crazy
They said I wouldn't kill him with nursey rhymes
Kiss Roc(k)-a-bye (good bye) Baby!
I'm too gritty
I am the Punchline God
I don't care who wit' him
Big piece (peace)...that's for you Nitty (Unity)
I am the prophet, the sun
You know the slogan, they told you niggas, don't throw Roc(k)s at the sun
Eastside nigga! Fuck wrong which you?


[Round 3: Tay Roc]
Aye, battle rap is something you don't really care about much
I'm glad we don't got an audience
You don't deserve to be over here tearin' crowds up
Smack! Why you bring the square a-round us?
Michael Jackson said it best, "Day (they) ain't never care about us?"
Don't get excited
Aye, it's a funeral...and you've been invited
Revolver, disease in ya mouth; gingivitis
And you raisin' your voice, til a nigga lifeless
Aye, if Day' tone a (Daytona) little high, it better be NASCAR ticket prices
Cause I'll find out where you live and I'll cause a straight riot
Moms tied up, sock in her mouth, stay quiet
Goons put gasoline (gas or lean) on her
Boy I'll grab a lighter and hand Day light ('Lyt) it
And it's either Day' light it or they light it
You are as dumb as it gets
I am not who you wanted it with
I left Dot Mobb, you started runnin' your lips
Thought I'd fuckin' forget? I should knock out this son of a bitch
Stomp you, while you in your LA Gear, have light ('Lyt) up under my kicks
Why is y'all niggas hatin'?
I got a line of these niggas waitin'
I will black on 'Lyt (light), nothin' like discrimination
If I hear cops come to 'Lyt for some information
Yeah, this switchblade will literally, shed light ('Lyt) on the situation
All I need is one knife
And you gon' get cut in the lung twice
It cross your stomach and hits ya core (Shakur
); Thug Life
Let's have a gun fight
I'm grippin' the snub tight
Pistol whip, boy I be done crack this can' on the bud 'Lyt (Bud Lite)
I said to Surf, "That nigga Crippin'. Is y'all close or not?"
He said, "That nigga a Grape Street Crip he ain't Rollin' Roc(k)."
I'll let you hold a shot when I'm firin'
Boy I will give a mil' a 'Lyt (Miller Lite) when I creep up with the .40 from be-hin' I can (Heineken) murder you
The nerve of you
They let you come back but ain't tell you what casket was still reserved for you
You get a funeral after ya life
Ya family cryin', cause in that box, you wasn't lookin' natural 'Lyt (Natural Light) I make shit hella spooky
I MAKE SHIT HELLA SPOOKY!
Hop out a Jetta hooptie, skkkkrt
TEC or Uzi, point blank, hit this Grape in his apple and left a smoothie
You will wish, you never knew me
Think it's a game like Kevin Hart and get killed by Roc
You seen Jumanji: The Next Level movie
Long nose, shots fly
Intersections, cross roads
I can put these lines on 'Lyt (light) and make a barcode
Hot round, heat up his grill, you thought of charcoal
Lift the toast, here's to Day' (today) you'll be gone tomor-
I'll blow this building up, every one of y'all, 'Lyt and me
Now who said Day' could beat Roc? Enlighten me
Get hype wit' me
I'll put a hole (whole) in somethin', like his entire tee (entirety)
Have him runnin' up the steps from Roc he (Rocky) try fightin' me
Pussy, I thought you said you was Crip, why you lie to me?
You ain't never drawn no blood; Phlebotomy
Faggot, I don't like how you eyin' me
Strap in his face, I let him inspect the (Inspector) Gadget for tryin' to spy on me
I know you probably gon' mention my chain took in a robbery
I ain't pay for it back, I ain't pay for a mockery
I sent one nigga, like, "Go get what they got from me."
I got robbed and in less than 30 days got back my property
Respect? Niggas got a lot for me
Them niggas couldn't move a round with that piece without payin'; Monopoly
I show up to your front door, it better unlock for me
If not! Pops bust through the door, fuck up his privacy
The gun butt him, his legs wobbly
Got the chop on me
The tripod, turns into a standup; comedy
A star struck, when I look up to you, you inspire me
I can see, 'Lyt (light) through the scope; biology
You think he a gang, until this vampire flip and you seein' pain
I will hit his back with a Blade, Day' walk (Daywalker) will never be the same
Bars about me gettin' robbed, yeah, now they even lame
I am not your boss Rex
Them pussy niggas that robbed me could not keep my chain
Stop bein' strange
Ain't no words to be exchanged, it's time to die
I don't wanna hear, "Let me explain-"
Your casket be pre-arranged
My heater bang
Leave a stain
Only way y'all savin' Daylyt (day light) is if the season change
Pussy!
You one of them goofy ass clown niggas
They only wanna hear 'Lyt (light) bars when these rounds finish
Light bars


I said fuck Surf, I know who y'all want to see me against
And most think I can't match his wits
He had a wish and it was death like Charles Bronson action flicks


I know weapons and who manufactured it
Your arms don't look right to a bomb covered in uranium 236
And that's the shit we hit Iraqis with


But corporations play like philanthropists
That's why I'm dressed like this
‘Cause through the war they profit massive chips
See, wait, wait, wait, let me chill
‘Cause everybody that raps like this choke like Lux or Canibus


It got disastrous in Los Angeles, and for that nut-ass old head?


Let's save it for Summer Madness then


I said shout my nigga Lyt
He said these battle niggas, a lot of 'em will front


I know y'all think I wasted bars and those probably for Lux


But I can push Tsu aside
‘Cause I knew this was a body from the jump


But he say he the best nigga in Jersey
Well if I kill him, his niggas won't have to team up
Now they should be on they toes like a ballerina
Once they boss get the MAC and nina


Instead, they was like a soda I left in back of freezer
‘Cause the rest ended up flat, even though I capped the leader


But he the best nigga in Jersey, he hell and he raw
Well, Surf gonna get that title waved and even see shells for sure


He don't swim inside when fishes glide, he shrimp and fries


I'm cool by the water: Mr. Hyde mixed with Denzel in Crimson Tide


I'll lift the 9, hit his moms, he'll be electrified and petrified
I won't sympathize while you sit and cry and watch your sister die


I mean Surf ain't no thug to me
This chump Suzie'll sue me on Judge Judy for bills like Doug Flutie


I mean your last battle, they should've hung up pictures of you everywhere: you lost dog
Conceited beat you usin' all punchlines and you was a lost cause


All he rapped about was his Taurus and Mustang
And those are all bars, but try to focus and move forward
Or you'll be another nigga that Con tore


Erase everything I said out y'all memory, fuck it
I want to do my original introduction
I said I spent most of last year in a holding cell
Givin' them MAC's and revoke my bail


I went from havin' my own clothing line
To wearing matching clothes in jail
I used to battle for love, the aspirations, the hopes to sell
But now… I'm just up here rappin' because I'm broke as hell


Nah, nah, nah, I got a little cake, you got some cake?
I got some change in this bitch


Said they was bringin' a bitch named Tsu/Sue


I was like, "Cool… I'ma make it rain on that bitch!"


Y'all peep that? Y'all see what I'm tryna do?
You see how I got this crowd for you?
You see that money surroundin' you?
New York, I just turned URL into Sue's Rendezvous


You look like one of them clean dirty niggas
Hold up, let me get a whiff and shit…
Nigga, you smell like you've been runnin' errands
Doin' a whole list of shit: boar ham hocks and chitlin grits
Old drawls, fish and chips, coleslaw mixed with sh—


Ain't this a bitch… no, that's a question: ain't this a bitch?
Well cool, here's a tip, someone tell that bitch to strip!


I said he just want this little change
And a little name and a little fame like Billy Danze


Well my nigga, you do ya thang, I don't hate when you spittin'
But your rebuttals are horrible
So do us a favor, go straight to your writtens!


See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Electric Touch (Taylor’s Version) [From The Vault]
Taylor Swift
You’re Losing Me (From The Vault)
Taylor Swift
Canceled (Remix)
Larray
[Round 1: Tsu-Surf]
I said I like that line about your fit
It kinda go with how you dress: camouflage, 'ARMY'
This AR on my hip make it easier to go across his chest


But, I'm the reason Hitman Holla ain't kill 'em
But I had to pay him like three to five
The contract said: "Fuck him up, but bring him to me alive."


I reviewed the game tapes, my last response I
Could've saved some fuckin' money
‘Cause you can't send a kid to do a man's job


But H-O-L-L-O-W, how you got your name?
Nah, Arsonal beat yo' ass: in other words, you ate yo' L on the low
That's how you got your name


Sometimes you gotta swallow a loss to stomach gettin' better
I know that's a pill you don't want to digest


But my question is, why I'm the Jersey nigga you want try next?


Gloves and a mask, out the Jeep with that thing low
I know he Hollow, but I pray I see Nigel to let that thing go
Lightsabers and some— you see a beam, then that thing blow


Out the Jeep it start to drizzle, they tell it was a Durango
Fuck I need to put it in subtitles or somethin'?
Out the Jeep it starts to drizzle, ain't no tellin' where the rain go


A thirsty nigga in the club: I'm tryna hit everything standin'


It got a kickback when it shoot so when it aim you gotta slant it


With your life, crawl for it, tryna see the gates then access granted
On the block with somethin' DeAndre size
One word to explain that night: Brandon


Your mom probably was a whore and your daddy didn't love her
Kids by another nigga so your brother wasn't your brother
Walk up in her room dumpin', shootin' straight through the cover
I felt just as bad as your father: puttin' a hollow in your mother


And I don't wanna hear about how I ain't got no wins and whatnot


Battlin' Tsu, 4th quarter: that's a tough spot
I hate you and that whole fuckin' cult, that shit must stop
I learned you just a backup for Andrew, chasin' Lux spot


And how you tryin' to box with a nigga
With the Devil's footwork and God reach


Ray Lewis: wish I could get that line back
But the last thing he got was a ring after that God speech


I'm at his door, knock-knock
"Nigel, why you wanna fuck with me?"
Shawn Carter: I ain't gotta find where he fuckin' be


Bars, got some; sucker, not one; you mad, then pop son
Victim, got one; give him my stocks ten
They think I'm from Da Jungle but I'm not son
Rest in peace Tall T… his last battle'll be a shotgun


If it was really Loyalty Over Money
GrindTime'll still be an up-and-runnin' league right now
You, Con, Cort, DNA and a couple other niggas
All playin' for a different team right now
I mean with them names GrindTime would still be afloat
With your bum ass
And Smack ain't gonna do shit but stand there and smile
‘Cause he get paid off your dumbass


You was battlin' Illmacs and Okwerdz and Passwurdz
Rhymin' ventilators, usin' generators, usin' mad words
Then come to the URL and everybody "snow dat"
Snow what? Them weirdos fuck with you, but so what?!


I had a threesome with Karma and Death
In them graveyards you'll find plenty bodies


And if this MAC hit his hat
He'll have enough cap room to sign anybody


I'll bring some tape, a rope, zip ties and a swammy
Since he loyal to his homies, we gonna go and get his family
If I break this scheme down he gon' say he can't stand me
But it'll get ugly, no crime seen, they'll see us out in Miami
Fuck I need to put it in subtitles or somethin'?
It get ugly, no, crime scene: that's CSI: Miami


The way NY battlin' lookin'
If y'all was the Heat, fine, none of y'all be LeBron
But it's cool, no worries, I'll tag 'em
Clips'll be Wade;
 DNA, Bosh
He ain't battle in two years, the roster shouldn't have him
Rex, Allen; Shine, Lewis; Math, Birdman
Con could be Chalmers, and you Don is Haslem


Cortez the nigga by the Gatorade
The team ain't really want that pick
On the bench like, "If that was me I woulda dunked that shit."
And when I signed that contract, that meant that it's over
Anybody else I ain't named'll be sittin' next to Spoelstra
Smack said "You want the Don?" I said "Hollow? Clown!"


I mean back then he was cool but let's talk about Hollow now


You got some bark but that's not how a hollow sound


My hitman'll treat your death like he was battlin' John John
That means we know he usin' some hollow rounds


[Round 2: Hollow Da Don]
Let me tell you about this bitch Tsu, you know what this bitch do?


Let another nigga pimp Tsu
Smack him too hard and get his pimp suit
Let me tell you about this bitch Tsu, you know what this bitch do?


Let another nigga be his big homie ‘cause he 6'2


Let me tell you about this bitch Tsu, you know what this bitch do?


Battle me even though he gon' lose, it's for the big views


I'm sharp, it's off with his head
I'm sharp, it's off with his head… should I say it again, Tsu?


I said any of y'all niggas touch the Don, you hit
Touchin' me ain't worth goin' through the harsher shit
Bombs get sent, moms get bent, arms get lift
I mean, Tribe Called Quest and Kanye West
I'm just tryin' to make him think about the consequence


And what's that talk like you gonna jump me in a minute?
Nigga stop, I'm chicken pox: if you touch me you gon' get it


Anytime it's in open invitation, you can come to a nigga hood
My address is 1922— I wish a nigga would!
I said you right, R.I.P. Tall T,
 but fuck that nigga Suge!
I'ma tell you why later, but for now it's gonna get—


I said let me tell you about this bitch Tsu
You know what this bitch do?
Tell the fans he was in Detroit with that thing on him
But niggas like me that was in the D don't believe that shit's true
Y'all wanna hear what shit's true?
Aight, so let me tell you about this bitch Tsu
Him and his niggas was in front of Calicoe mom's shop, pourin' up
He wanted to smoke
He hopped in his man's rental car, he was rollin' up
I mean, niggas is loud so of course cops showin' up


His man peep before they was slowin' up
Threw the burner in the car with Surf, then throws it up
This nigga go and grab the shit, you know he dumb
I'm lyin'? No bail money, Smack, let's just say he owe you one
It's funny Shotgun ain't give a fuck, you ain't even care the amount
Damn, you was locked like Pac
But Suge wasn't there to bail you out?


I mean and he the reason you did that
You dissed a dead legend—you a flunky, you a geek


And your other nigga, he a sucka, yeah he weak


He said "Fuck Surf!" and threw the thumper on the seat
So not only am I questionin' your judgment
Now I'm questionin' your chief, ‘cause you said it yourself:
"You only as real as the company you keep."


But since his man gave him the charge
He's been on the low, dodgin' imprisonment
Hopin' it gets better, playin' Chris Webber
Tryin' to forget that time out in Michigan


I don't need y'all to look at me crazy like I'm tellin' somethin'
‘Cause when he said he was in Detroit
With that thing on him, he was dry snitchin' then
I'm doin' the opposite, I'm tellin' y'all he's innocent
He's innocent… he's innocent…
And I really feel bad for my nigga
‘Cause everybody call Surf a snitch, I don't be playin' with it
Well, I might do the same but get a little more creative with it


See, the streets is like the highway when you ride through
So know your limits and don't go over
You'll see them lights flashin' behind you


Hold up, let me rewind, cool?


Streets is like the highway so I'ma ride too


You told so pay since you crossed
Or the cops gonna have to find you


I still got 6 crackin' to make him turn true blue
With 5 poppin', lot of blood gonna be leakin' outta Tsu… WOO!


I wanted to be on the the next one,
 but I respect my Crip cats


Them lines was so good I had to bring the shit back


And shoutout to everybody that rep they city, they region
That's that
But Queens been runnin' all you battle niggas, ask Smack!


[Round 2: Tsu Surf]
You could cook raw fish on my block: we the greasiest
And you see that nigga standin' right there
Right there, him… It's cool
It's good he ain't do it, ‘cause gullible niggas the easiest
But debatables, wins, losses—I got classics, I did it for the money
Anybody say Surf ain't got bars
Hella million views and kill a dude is a dummy
Your delivery, sometimes his bars never too crazy
When I try to think classics it gets fuzzy
Your last time goin' hard was my first time ever on the card


Anything before Richard, that mean your prior shit was funny


What'd you say? On to the next one, on to the next one?


Never been a slouch or soft, I don't know what you heard nigga
My patience is skinny when it comes to throwin' bullets at these bird niggas
Now I know that wasn't like super duper duper cold
But it is when you compare Flacco to the Ravens in the Superbowl


It's always a nigga in your way, sometimes you gotta move 'em
I ain't a freshman, ain't new or soft
More reason he gonna get to wishin' I ain't school him
Peep junior, I seen your face
You probably caught my last scheme, that's what I meant to do
Freshman, sophomore, junior…
You ain't graduatin', these claps in the air is for principle


I'm tied with a shoe string around my neck, that's all hell bro
And those right here, but it's pokin' my elbow
Ironic I tie it with a shoe string
‘Cause the silencer make it sound like Velcro
So them 32 shots gon' do magic
He got it, they couldn't tell though
And you fuck with Drake, right? Well, thank me later!


That's why I show my crew love, they do not care
They hold enough bullets to start from the bottom to 'bout here
Beat me? Hell yeah fuckin' right
You must be in Marvin's Room sniffin' shrooms
Or whatever keep you up at night


And my bitches don't love Beyonce


They love money and they tryna work
They need some G's, Alicia Keys: all you'll see is fireworks


These shits sound like Mike Will made 'em, I'm bombin' when I clap
Dumb him in his brain, then dump him by the train
There'll be a zombie on the track


You think Con beat me? Get off Con nuts
That's violation, dickridin' is misconduct
You was behind Con the whole time, so if missin' that shot got me this spot it's ‘cause I purposely missed, Con ducked
I'm not chokin'… and if you can, please don't mind my silence
I'm just tryin' to let my mind vacate before I resort back to violence
Vacate, resort… I could be in the stu with this
That's some wild shit!
Just snow that these clips still go both ways
You want a round? Trip!
Speakin' of clips, I ain't got a problem givin' him the whole clip
I'm usin' all of mine
And if the judge see a clip of what I did to Clips with that clip
Shit'll look like a Charlie Clips pic: DNA won't be too far behind
Okay, I was in Detroit wildin'
Okay, that's right, I went to Detroit dolo, just me and my yolo
Ready to jump at any action if it happen to pogo
But you say shit like: "Call me Hands, you could count on me."


I say shit like, "I don't think nothin' in him G."
So wherever we meet, I'm robbin' him, he got bands on him
And he ain't 'bout that gunplay so why lay hands on him?


This is my house, nigga! Smack, if he stall he gettin' clapped


Got a gun but I don't need to blow it
Right knock him out his Reeboks and he ain't even know it


[Round 3: Hollow Da Don]
They say Hollow is a fuckin' vet
But he trippin' because he ain't even rebuttal yet
But it's a few of his bars that I gotta flip
I said why, that bar I happened to hear
You said you clapped like the graduation
You put the caps in the air? That's what you do?
I said I don't walk around like André
Wearin' flannel and soundin' like André, nah
Dressed like Kanye, nah
A mean murder probably what I'm down for some day
Or I be like Rick Ross: even though you see me with mils
I'm still down with gunplay


Smack said "Hollow, you got Surf, you gotta make this nigga bleed
I'll set you half up front." Whew, that's all a nigga need!


It's time to ride, whip him like Amistad


It's a homicide and not a regular death
I want his insides stuffed to show like Ahmad Rashad


So don't talk to me ‘cause awkwardly
I can hear you piss in your pants
And you never thought you could loss to me
That's how I knew I had this shit in the bag


I don't care if he got the 5th and he hold that blicker
Your crew in town, I make 'em move around, I know mad niggas


Last year he quit battlin', they say he fire on wax
They gassed pa' like Nascar so he thought he could retire off tracks


Shoutout BK, LG, I stay up in the spot
Them the niggas that'll hit your face up with the Glock
Everyday I'm in the hood, taped up with the Koch
KD, Dwayne Wade: I wake up to the block


Should I keep goin' on, showin' y'all my freestyle ability?
But nah, hold on, first let me break him down lyricially
I mean, you got it poppin' Tsu, niggas rock with Tsu
I mean, your aggression like Pac in Juice


But your rhymin' like Dr. Seuss
See it's ‘cause your set-ups be mad weak
It's always a gun line ‘cause when you went to tell K Shine
"Dot Mob, throw 'em in the back seat!"
You set it up with, "I know you don't clap heat!"
Nigga, you coulda said somethin' about a black Jeep
On a back street, how a Jag creep
Anything in that bar to connect with a car and match, peep
See my setups be crazy, all my frees be fertile
Yours be "I'll leave you purple
Steam and hearse you, squeeze and murk you."
Damn, you got these fans blindfolded by the trash
Like a Febreze commercial


Now I'm on the Internet surfin'
Just to touch the surface of what Surf is
Once I surface he won't resurface, that's for certain
I'm lookin' through the curtains
Like, "Ssssshhhh, that's Surf and his bitch!"
They got drugs they sellin' now, I took 'em to my cellar now
Duck tape on they mouth, they yellin' loud
They keep movin', grab a rope and get 'em bound
You'd thought Surf was in a tux
And his bitch was in a wedding gown
‘Cause once I tied the knot, they settled down


Flip his shit in the middle of the round
Wait, you know how Da Don do
You like to play Swear to God? I wanna play Swear to God too


Swear to God we wasn't in Detroit and you said Joe Budden's pussy and everything he write is trash
You swear to God you ain't say everything he write is trash?
This why I don't like these battle rap niggas with they lyin' ass
I'ma do the battle standin' over here
‘Cause God 'bout to strike his ass!


Aight, you feel like you got this third? Your luck's up?
You wanna keep playin' Swear to God?
Or you gon' shut the fuck up?


Swear to God you wasn't livin' in Joe Budden's crib earlier this year
You was? Okay, so don't talk about my crib, let's talk about yo crib
You stay at your ho crib, just moved out your old crib
Now you stay at Joe crib, so basically you ain't got no crib
Ohhhh, I got it, I got it… he ain't got no crib so I figured it out
That's how he got his name: he be couch surfin'


That nigga balled up on the love seat, his bones hurtin'
Roasting session…
Nigga, you look like a broke-ass Loon, so worthless
I mean, you know shit's bad
When I'm callin' him the broke version of a broke person


I mean, y'all wanna hear one of Surf's bars?
"Soon as I pull out
That chopper go dummy like Kimmy in that full house"


Yeah, that was hot, that was hot
But my nigga, you watch Full House?!


Ayy, that's cool, ‘cause I do too
So damn your hammer or damn your nana
Since you live with Uncle Joey, I'm runnin' in that full house like Danny Tanner


Somebody tell Eddie Winslow I don't think family matters
Shoutout to my GrindTime fans, they'll never forget that
I was so focused back then I had to bring the shit back
I said pause, you see that money? You could relate to strippers
We trick dealers and tell where the real bill is
And these niggas can't touch us but still feel us
Plus we still stealers and peel pillers
You got real killers? Well, I got killers that kill killers
Nigga, fuck with me!
I ran up on him, stabbed him up, gave him a buck 50
And the funny thing about that: I had a gun with me
I don't need a gun—fuck TEC's and pistols!
I put that Calico away ‘cause I got pets that's pitbulls
I collect to sick you


If it's problems, I handle it, I don't send my set to get you
I bring it to your door like a magazine and address the issue
You done? You wanna talk now?
Red the dread head, you better chill nigga
I said 20-50's or 50-20's is what I gotta be
20-50's or 50-20's is what I gotta be?
Do the math, stupid ass, I'm tellin' you that I'm a G


I done rang up more bucks than dollar tree


And I'm feelin' like you lied to me
So you owe me… your fuckin' life


Clutch the pipe, you wanna fight?
We on your head, we gon' lump you
And we'll probably get a battery charge
‘Cause we ain't want you dead so we jumped you


I said shoutout to the URL fans, y'all will never forget that
Them lines was so ill for Surf, I had to remix that


[Round 3: Tsu-Surf]
This third round is so cold, but it's not for you
That Full House rebuttal was crazy
But Danny Tanner means you watched it too


When I think back on all my battles, I think great shit
Like that Church bar, that Lake shit
A nigga say he hate that Lake shit, I gotta say he on some hate shit
Well he really gonna hate this
Late night goons, we usually come in after 12
Fuck one, fuck six, I'm comin' after 12
It hold 28, so 16 comin' after 12
I gotta start to pow when
It's like Dwight been fouled when 16 comin' after 12


I got some shit to make your hitmen hurl
Never leave without my hands: no Hitman Earl
And he wanna start then I'll continue to spark in
Put in another six like the sixth man Earl
He need schoolin' so fuck it, I'ma learn his ass
No coffin, I'm thinkin' more urn and ash
See I'm way too advanced for these niggas and I'm mad
Like that last line for instance, urn and ash: THAT'S NASH!!!


I tell my niggas run in his crib, they gon' make it happen
Hit the door, flip the bed, open every cabinet
Kill his dog, leave the kids, take everything, let him have it
Game point shot, we GPS pussy: that's urinary tractin'
I bought some treats for this trick
But it ain't candy we sprayin' with 'em
Who in here think Hollow better than Surf?
Well y'all gon' be layin' with him
Smack gon' be yellin' stop, all the homies gon' be sayin' get 'em
'Bout 10:31 at his door, tell Hollow we ain't playin' with him
Bars flyin' pass his head, I'm prayin' that they graze him
Hollow Da Boss then these bomb lines just might phase him
Heard a few niggas whisper like, "Yeah, Surf might get zipped 3'd."
Gotta be dreamin', I'm a nightmare
But it's cool if he tryna get sleep
I move cattle, I'll move his cat too, in my habitat we zip beef
Let me guess, you G? K
Well you shouldn't have a problem meetin' Pimp C
The operation, connect four, it's not a game when we pop out
If he ain't get the clue, he in trouble, no rebound, get the box out
Right here blew like Twister when them Glocks out
No hopscotch: they get a number in a box when we hop out
Niggas run, bullets fly, clips drop out
Kids scream, mommas cry, eyes pop out
All my lil niggas got Jenga tatted
That mean when they come it's to take the block out
You ain't hear me tell Big T
"Potato on the 44 for the sound to let it clap
Them mag rounds left ketchup and hash browns on his lap"
These niggas never understand me
And it makes me wanna scream
‘Cause you could get the same hash browns
That went through T V like the girl in The Ring
And you doin' me a favor? Well cool, point taken
Well, I'ma just give him these bullets on purpose
And tell the judge I was point shavin'
Sometimes I wanna separate him, it might be for the better
Chopper like a side bitch
Take him from his better half, he gettin' severed
Torso from his legs—will he walk again? Never!
That doctor gon' feel like a marriage counselor
Tryin' to keep him together
They asked me who's the toughest nigga in New York
I figured it's Math
I wonder how low they gon' bury him after I split him in half
Wassup Hollow? Let's have a man-to-man
What's this thing with you and Lux?
I personally think you a fuckin' Stan
At first I was givin' him the benefit of the doubt
He just doin' it ‘cause he bored
But then it's like you said Lux name
Anytime any camera man pressed record
Probably had Lux jail cell pictures on your wall for decor
Got home, spammin' all his videos
Dissed him so much it's coke residue on the L of his keyboard


And why I gotta keep screamin' out "Loyalty!"
To prove that I'm loyal? That's how you get 'em like that
‘Cause I know plenty niggas that said: "My homies will never do me like that"—'til they did 'em like that!
I got niggas that's Blood that ain't family
And niggas that ain't family that's real Cuz
But you high off that same juice Steel was
From now on, movie clues is all I'm leavin' with the kill
For example, if I gotta set it off, shit could get real
When you hear this woo!
Don't be bamboozled, these niggas ain't ill, but chill
A low-down dirty shame how the D's found his grill
Them all Jada Pinkett flicks
So the tip, cops will find his head swingin' by the wheel
Power to the people, we back to do maintenance


Yeah, yeah, we gon' rock like crack when it came in


You know, this work hard as the Latin invasion
For black entertainers


Hollow! Glad you could make it… it’s just sad he won’t make it


At these tapings, they don’t even show the show dancers
Turn pro trans to respect to the session bein' close-camera'd
Look at this, another future know-it-all with no answers
Past catches up to him present day — look, nana!
We got another kid with a gift just found out that there’s no Santa


Afraid they never calculate the mistake they about to make


Any time you get gassed up to get traffic
Well, it’s obvious you gon' break, nigga


I’m talkin' to a dead man at his wake


This is a interview with a vampire, you don’t know that high stakes


Will take his life out of place, I eradicate, then create


But the gun makers the mind that combine that we brung tanks


I don’t know what they must think
I’m out of verses or the hearse is out of trunk space


But you a petty drug case, cupcake
This ain't front like you front weight


I hate niggas who pump fake


And you've been givin' shots, you gon' play drunk date
Blind and find that there’s some states that's unsafe


They have holes in defenses to jump the gate


What could you do?
I'd have thought your retorts or your rebuttals through
Data for this match-up you probably was runnin' to
It just, it just ain't the same backup when it’s in front of you


(Forget it, I got a tonload for him!)
You know what I come and do, you know who they came to see
You books you're a showman


It’s not as much about my opponent as the look I’ma go with
Soldiers, for the glory, who do we put in our moments?


Well, it’s a fight in the ring
I can’t picture the Don king, but he good for promotion


I wanna put it in motion, put it in motion


I like aggravation on faces attracted to bein' famous
This is an art, I give you a start in imagination
Then I pick you apart like a talent agent


Clarification: my character basin' was the fall of Calicoe's greatness
"But Lux, you was wrong for puttin' the pictures up!"
Shit, he was wrong for takin' it


I take it you see my last flick, classic
Yours? Wasn't too dazzlin'
You waved, then got wiped out, brother
Surfin' just never looked worse with you in the castin'


I was all in the entertainin' center
This nigga mama name must be Brenda with this trash shit


You look like a nigga in front of the deli that keep askin'
They gave it to you the first two times — oh, this a habit?
We know your story, we seen the views
A million and one times, it’s the same action
Hollow, you keep givin' us old shit
But what else we expect to get out the addict?


You baggage, lot of trouble in the vein


I heard you and Drake was tight
Turns out you’re munchin' off the name


Pictures of y'all at dinner,
 he showed the public that he came


Well, he put it in his albums too
He said: "Thank me later, take care," then nothin' was the same!


I expose you niggas in rap collisions
Loyalty Over Money? That’s suspicious
Wasn't it just NYB to the death? Last edition
Oh, the numbers just keep disappearin': this Math magician


Has befriended everything about New York
The Texas slang, the drinkin' lean
The swangin' on a mutherfuckin' train


Yeah, the fastest way is the A, it’s a level in which I usually train


You in the grave 'cause the payin'
And removin' the stain through the exchange


I square off for every root in your frame
Why else would a king be pawn shoppin'? This for human remains


New York versus New York
Oh baby, this home cookin' lookin' like grandma's


I keep tellin' you Hollow fans
To stop thinkin' a Hiro ain't just a sandwich


You gotta talk to 'em like they daddy’s little girls
What you want with this nigga that keep goin' back to jail?


Did that time behind enemy lines make the family proud?
Did […] pal your man ain't got it
You hand-washin' a niggas hand-me-downs?
Another top tier nigga tearin' on the top tier
When they tearin' your bottom out
 like nana gown


But you lightnin' with the jab, but the footage can’t be found


You stole who, cupcake?
You ain't gonna take nothin' but your panties down


You no different from a maid dryin' the laundry
And this guy locked and confined
I mean, you was just hangin' out in the yard
Now your spot's on the line, nigga


Alright, hold on, I’ll mourn him
Yeah, 12 told me get on that track and exploit him
I was runnin' around the battle scene, lookin' for freezer storage
Yeah, I called you out, keep ignorin'


That’s why you ain't even see this comin'
Actin' like you ain't see me callin', nigga


Are you a left winger or a set banger?


Excuse me, don’t confuse me, your new gear dirty, nigga
You couldn't clean up round a pack of Mexican painters


Your closet for Kanye would be a death chamber


You wouldn't know fly shit in a jet hangar


See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
Loaded Lux vs. Rum Nitty
URLtv
Boyz Don’t Cry
Rod Wave
A&W
Lana Del Rey
[Round 1: Hollow Da Don]


I feel you on your Black Panther shit
The power is engaged, but you a diva nigga
Made them wait to take an hour to hit the stage


I said damn, takin' all that time you done hurt these fans
I guess it took a while to put on that Hell's Angels jacket
And them Eddie Murphy pants


Since he wants to take so long


Fuck it, I’ma do his original introduction
First Smack back— wait! We on UW 'cause I stabbed Smack's back


Loaded Lux, you know what’s up when we rollin' up
Yeah, we know what’s up, you coked up
Aces click, fastest way to Harlem is the A train, slick
Well, it’s actually the FDR
But you wouldn’t know, 'cause you don’t have a car
But he does have a hearse
Against Calicoe you set the scene
You brought props and everything from that picture


You scored 'cause you got the pic
 when Smack set the screen


I mean, just to see a Lux battle
You gotta see women in violet gowns
Choir sounds, tire mounts, tightropin' and lion growls
It’s a whole buncha “you gon get this work” and quiet downs
It’s a circus act just to see this clown go through a fire round


Was all that rented stuff?
You still got the hearse? You kept the tux?
Oooh, great investment, Lux!
Your death is up, neck get cut, stretch his guts, chest get—
Hold up, hold up, I can’t do this, he a Black Panther


I gotta be positive with Lux, I’ma battle the same
Nah, fuck Lux, I’m only concerned with the first half of his name: Loaded 5th, let’s get it in; over offensive lines
My niggas got they face masks at your residence
I got the goons waitin' on the outside like a defensive end


And I call them my special team
'Cause while y'all kickin' it I send 'em in


I'll send this nigga to Hell
Bring him back to life, send his ass to Hell again
Or like you repentin' sins, I have him heaven-sent
Them your choices, you can try Hell, or let they sky tell
It's two ways I can send him messages
Let’s say he pick message two, and dude, you right there?
Grab the pipe, blast it twice, tragic sight
Lux dies… I’ll fuckin', I’ll fuckin'… grab a knife, slash and slice
My own wrists just to battle him in the afterlife
I’ll be like, "Yeah, who the best nigga here? I wanna battle Christ."
Tell Stack he nice,
 and give DJ Screw a half a pint


I’ll bring the footage back down to Earth
So y'all fans can see him severed
And they watchin' like, "Damn! That was a match made in Heaven!"
I’ll come to a shrine, guzzlin' wine, jugglin' mines
I’m so far ahead and above with my time
I can rebuttal your rhyme before you come up with the line
I said, let me introduce you to this cat you facin'
A mixture of Larry Davis and Pappy Mason


A nigga who will battle half the nation, with scars and lacerations
That’s why the line outside longer than the African vaccination


Now my next style's like a reptile from The X-Files
Have your legs bound, then found in the west now
Kick your crib down, my niggas play Peyton with his kid now
They toss him to me, I catch him and slam him: Shawn Kemp style!
I hate you, Lux! I hate you, Lux!
I hope your true love grow up to be a fruit cup


Or a nigga that’s screwed up, shoot his whole school up


Peep how I’m puttin' the scheme
C'mon, my nigga… LOOK AT ME, KING!!!


You see that large picture? Somethin' that I got, King
Loaded Lux, Loaded what? Loaded Lux, Loaded what?
Loaded Lux — how you got the name Loaded Lux?
Not 4's you clutch, unloaded and loadin' up
It was UPS, loading trucks


You better be super loadin' them up
'Cause if Loaded overloaded he wouldn't be loaded enough
I mean, I was good with Goodz, I surfed with Surf
And now I’m loaded for Loaded
I hold it for Loaded, I load it for Loaded, I open and close it


Loaded Lux, let’s talk about chokin', Lux
They said Lux choked, I said: "Lux choked, oh yes!"
They said the second and third was crazy
I was like, "Damn! I thought you meant he choked to death!"
But let the fans tell it,
 some of 'em say he’s perfect
He choked on purpose
He can craft rhymes out the air and he don’t rehearse it
He can disable a bomb and he won’t get nervous — he’s perfect!
He can bury a meteor and it won’t resurface — he’s perfect!
But legends don’t choke on purpose
I mean, picture John Elway on his last drive
Within the goal line in his 4th in 5
The blitz come, he scrambles and get in around it
Sees the wide receiver open, then intentionally grounds it
Legends don’t choke: picture Jordan game 6, 4th quarter
And him passin' it to Ron Harper… legends don’t choke
My nigga, what was the obstacle there?
You couldn’t find nothin' to rhyme with hospital bed?
I mean, not pop with the lead
Shot in the head, drop 'til you dead
You like to talk about Calicoe's pops and the feds
Even that rhymes with hospital bed


Why you didn’t just freestyle off the top—
[Round 2: Loaded Lux]
Just when we thought Hollows had points to their rounds
You're brickin' with your shot


You gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me
I do this whole movie production bit
The signs, the divines, the pickets and the props
And this is what you got?


Oh, you in grave danger, I know you can dig it
Shit, we’ll pick out the box


I mean, look, I could care less if you audition or not
I wrote this story for you, I gotta stick you in the plot
But you gon' love it, the script is hot


I tell your mother: look, lady
I know crack was rough out there in the 80's


But don’t be depressed about your best
I mean, these young heffers out here still droppin' they babies


But you raised them with an agenda
And revelations is scripture; just goin' to take a few more of your funerals breakin' until they remember


All that static on the set
That’s the same wire hangin' for the antenna
And why it always take a black mother bangin' on the box
For you niggas to get the picture?


As far as the past, leave it to Lux
Harlem been on the map, but I’m back leadin' the rush
You from a borough where LL was the battle MC to crush
As if Nasty wasn’t enough
Could you be the one Run DMC let they last Adidas to run up if the ave needed a crutch? You a sad scene in the clutch


RuPaul couldn't drag Queens this much


I see them on Jamaica Ave


I’m movin' like a coroner with this body of work without the tag


He bop and pass, shoppin' bags — what’s up, son?
I’m like, "This new shit if you got the cash."
Now, see you, baby boy, I lie to y'all not
It was the same scene in Baby Boy
Where Jody asked P: "Are you a buyer or a seller?"
He didn’t even have the rest of the money
For the bail bondsman to buy you out the cellar
That should tell ya: you buy, we sell
Whose hands the weakest dealt?
In the end you got the bags, but I got the cash
Don’t cheat yourself, treat yourself, the streets is swell
You know that when you signed and you CD shelved


You need the help, I go from the trunk like a Keebler elf


Ask your man Grime about me
I know your hustle, your origin; that’s partly why I believe your partnership got your partner shipped
You came down when he went up, it’s not bargainin'


It’s like sponsorin', free trade been the game
Since First 48 Hours got marketin'


Targetin' crews that who lack honor and staff arguments


Is L.O.M. in the trap partyin' or in the rap partisan?
Y'all shoulda been had an audience
On noggin with all Barney friends
I mean, all you niggas sing, you might look like monsters on screen, but you’re Backyardigans


Why the point man always tryna get it on the arm?


Food stamps come, you gotta babysit the card


You don’t even help out with that rent up in the Bronx
That’s you L.O.M. niggas: Living Off of Moms


You smoked yourself out of the last house that you was sleep


It’s such a disaster what that cannabis do
When your whole pad out in the street


It’s sad watchin' this
If you doin' this you’re down to whatever your last option is


You kids match snack opposite with rap operatives
The man butter, his whole band rubber, snap out of it


Ars, what you got to give? I need 40, shorty


You can’t negotiate the big brother with black hostages


This don’t make good sense
Why your voice be climbin' like you’re whinin'?
Changin' pitch like the Yankees bench, ain't this a bitch?


Came to vent at the main event
Next time you rap about my age
You tell them who the most talked about battle rapper of this age


The guy that do the autopsies on the stage
I get to breakin' down a rapper


I bet you ain't have a book since Spades


But I’m readin' you, nigga, right before I’m takin' out the chapters


You actors ain't seen a star brighter
Car lighters don’t go in like this hard fighter
Punch for punch I ain't never shown a weak hand, but I off writers


You wish it was more like us, both of our names public
But mines is the main hoverin'
All that means is you got bars too, just not the hang of it


You ain't discovered
When I give a nigga this work it ain't Ma$e returnin'
Your fate determine no Queens block will be safe to turn in
Bourbon make you virgin, I’m focused you with the surgeon
My next EP MD: check the sermon


You gon get this work 'til you fired, in a furnace


Calicoe got a casket for free; you gonna earn it, nigga


You with the Madison Square Gardener
I rakes up the scratch and then leaves


Dear father, tell baby Duress she ain't safe on the street of Tonkas
Hollow the Primadonna, you're brakes on a beat-up Honda
Greezy partners, stretchin' pies, spendin' dough
Nigga, you got a job at a pizza parlor
Even smarter they say you was AAU, jump it and dunk it
[Round 2: Hollow Da Don]
Nigga, I was raised in AQ, nigga, that’s Queens
You said my band rubber
Damn, brother, what does that mean?
So you call niggas "rubber"? Oh, that nigga rubber
That nigga soft — see, I don’t get this shit


Niggas be actin' like Lux on some different shit
But all he do is take some simple shit
Like a door and make it intricate
They’re opposed to who’s opposin' us
Do you want it closed or shut?
The life of sanctuary is close enough
And when it’s your turn, things will open up
I seen more counter tops than a flower pot
An hour clock on the tower watch — and the crowd will rock
Like, "Woo! I don’t know, it just sounded hot."
Because you don’t understand him it don’t mean that he nice


For example, he said it’s about 50cc of Vicodin in his writing pen
But Vicodin’s a pill and CCs liquid… what are you writin' then?
Because you don’t understand him, it don’t mean that he’s nice
I mean, my bars give you that "mmm, I just shitted" face
His bars give you that "hmm, I think I get it" face


I mean, you wanna know why Lux is so deep?
He tell his boys, "I can’t comfortably sleep
I don’t want to be stuck in fatigue
I need supplements meek, like my digestive system functioning least," and they’re like "Huh?!"
He’s like: “I’m tryin' to get somethin' to eat!”
'Cause you don’t understand him it don’t mean that he’s nice
You know the reason why I don’t respect your flow?
'Cause last battle you had the swag of that muslim
That was in the cypher with X and Hov
I mean, can’t you see that he’s fake?
He came dressed like T. D. Jakes
'Cause he can’t sell any of his CD's and tapes
But when he battle raps, people zone out, sit and stare
In a mist of air as he paints that picture clear
And takes you to that place… that isn’t there
I mean, wanna be like Lux? Here’s some options
Use smart words like synopsis
Analyze an object or dance around the topic
I mean, I made up stuff before
And I apologize and I’m makin' amends
And I promise y'all, I will never put an intercom in a generator again!
But if he was to do that, they would make it make sense
It’s Lux! You don’t get what he’s sayin', dummy?
He’s talkin' about the battle
He enter calm so he can generate some money
Lux got bars — see, but I don’t get this shit
'Cause nigga like that act like Lux be on some different shit
But all you do is take some simple shit and make it intricate
And the ones that’s diggin' it
Look at him like, “You can’t be serious!”
To the ones that ain't feelin' it
Act like they silliness and belligerent
But when they go home and break down these bars I’m mentionin'
For followin' you, they the fuckin' idiots!
Example: what you gonna do? Put it all in my catcher's mitt?
I mean, is this baseball? Are we playin' catch and shit?


Oh, I guess it went way over our heads and we ain't catch the shit
Wait, y'all ain't catch this shit
I said he act like we playin' baseball
And it went way over our heads and we ain't catch the shit


Well, if he is makin' sense and shit
Only problem I got left with him
Is slow down your sentences, don’t forget and remember it
And add a round off your penmanship
Wait! I can’t say this to Lux!
The god, the legend, the veteran ain't nobody better than
Oh, you might need some notes to take home
I wrote some, I’m gonna give you a letter then
Dear Lux, we fuck with your energy
But the way you cram your bars
For some fans it’s frustratin' mentally
Slow down, it ain't all about the punchin' your memory
I mean, we like the way you structure your similes
But sometimes you run through them literally
We fuck with your energy, but we question abilities
Oh, what I’m tryin' to tell you, P.S. don’t rush your delivery


Against Miles he was the champ
We couldn’t shoo him, he was in his prime
But now that we don’t get his rhymes
We just keep kick side of him when he finish lines


Right before he begin his line
Loaded! It’s like I swallowed a laxative on accident
I got them shittin' in they pants again
Oh crap, it’s him, Loaded! Forty thousands not enough to get a kilo, just a sniff, not for traffickin'
Couple thousand left over, I guess I get me a casket then
After that it’s back to the ave again
Layin' down blankets with the Africans
Oh, y'all didn’t know? He said I stay at Mom's house
But prior to Summer Madness 2
He was homeless, so he had to do what he had to do
Niggas that been on Fortune or Jamaica Ave, y'all know this true
Y'all done had him sell some things to you
You don't want the Lionz Den CD? Cool
We got Jeezy and Weezy too
It’s usually five, Beloved, but three for you
Hold up, don’t stop my sale, Beloved
It’s usually five, Beloved, but three for you
Alright, alright, times is hard, bring me two


[Round 3: Loaded Lux]


I hope you brought that pain medicine with you
'Cause you gon' need it


How sweet breathin' can be screened
Door breezes when romanced
Well, the Romans when they beat on Jesus is in yo' hands


But nothin' I write can hit you harder than life
Especially one weak for demons
But you say you straight in the state of the saints
We gon' see if it’s new or leanin'


Promethazine, codeine, morphine, it doesn’t motivate
The exposure makes you doze, not awake, these are opiates


The doses traits of the properties
Of the poppy seed that the dopers take
Make no mistake about this: if you ever been around someone on heroin, they’re a dependant
They go from bingin' to druggin' just to function that engine
The whole body readjust and you just can’t end it
They attack the habit, but the cause of withdrawals is still pendin'
So are you sober, nigga?
'Cause you said you stopped drinkin' lean in October
Well, that isn't a surprise, Hollow
You picked the month wherein the end every individual lies


I mean, you can dress it up how you picture it in your mind
But 'til Hollow wean off it he gon' always be a nigga in disguise


How fly is the Moon Man that went to the bottom?
Ever since you first spaced out in Houston he had a problem


We listen and bear witness
"You already snoo dat"—in your system, nigga!
"Hollow the dininininin— my prediction?
That repetition in your diction due to addiction
From sippin', your mind slippin'


It's like your life written, scripted, but seem cryptic
You driftin' off in the mist of the mission until it's missin'
Oh, the sorrow? I came to clean young blood out: sorrel


This ain't even a quarrel, nigga
This like Quarry versus Ali when the right follow


Your sights boggle, your time borrowed
Your life shoulda been swallowed


Hollow's Apollo, the light model who fights Drago
You might wallow into depression
Dresser full of empty Sprite bottles
I’ll never forget that night
When I seen you on 174th Street and Vice
It was at Gunz video shoot
You had that cup in your hand, and you was nice
And I asked to battle you
And out of all the avenues we coulda been on, it was Vice


Wow! The brain disease you can’t seem to knock out
And ironically I thought I never blocked out
That was God with me when you said follow me
Into that pharmacy — you get the picture?
The good farmer sees what need to be cropped out
You a bad weed, and this a travesty;
 and this one casualty
Is gonna be for every one of your multiple personalities
Are you the Don Dotti? The D-D-D-Don Duttar Man?
The Dininini— nigga, it's all dimmin'


But let me ask you this: did you mean Don Lennon or Don Lemon?
After the CNN journalist who don't even enjoy women
But boys in 'em
, speed stickin' by Mennen Bennett
I think like him as a brother who's in a public figure
I figure in it to restore ignorance
I hate you lost niggas, y'all off-switches
They don’t put us on to the system, I assist 'em
I tell him where it is and where this gets him
How the game rigged, your name makes you look big
But you a victim, that’s why they pimp him
I just see what you don’t see, Hollow, I’m statin' the facts
I made you the most money you ever been gave for a match
But don’t even thank me for that


I just wanna know why, when every leader rise
They use his own kind to put the stake in his back


What they paid you at Smack, nigga?
They probably paid you in smack


'Cause you can’t even see fast your last drank of that batch
But you paint me as wack?
You make the fans see me as greedy, as if I broke some treaty because I don’t let 'em treat me like a 'don'


Who's in the position to influence
For the student, but educatin' him wrong
Baby, you a star, they love you the way you are


But I love you enough to not leave you the way you are


You make it hard for people that say what they mean
And mean what they say 'cause that what they mean
How they gon' follow a junkie? Be a fan, not a fiend!
And you, be a nigga from Queens, not a queen!
Man up, 'cause stand-up niggas don’t lean!


This is revolution
Not some shit you put on a song to sound cute with
A wise man once told me, "Son, you want respect, huh?
Well, you make money, not excuses."
I'm through with work
I'm up here givin' Hollow the business model
I’m showin' the battle rapper today how to get it tomorrow
You welfare, nigga, free healthcare
You give it to him, but don’t show him how you got it
How you gon' teach business with free shit?
Where’s the knowledge? But why should we expect a nigga named Hollow to give us anything solid?


I’m polished, a freedom leader
But we will leave us and weak achievers [?]
I’m a contracted speaker, an avid reader


I stand on these lines, not for athletes sneakers neither
FBI been trappin' keepers of light since trapper-keepers
You might've thought Hoover was just a vacuum cleaner
Yeah, all right, master thinker
These Don Lemons be twistin' up y'all agenda
That’s why I wore this image, so you don’t forget to remember
Why the members of the Panthers tried
Why Bobby Hutton and the Fred Hampton died


They can’t deny, the answers lie
Right there in history, stamped in time
You, you're the cancer that propaganda designed
It’s sad, 'cause some minds you can’t remind
It’s bad, you blind to the rubbish due to the druggin'
They sat you down, gave you time to think
Prison-confined bunked him
'Cause you won’t take more money from rap
But you’ll stand on the block with a pack, you disgustin'
Who they trustin'?


I got to be the guy you wasn't for the youngin
To show him somethin', 'cause if you look up to a Hollow
You just gon' grow up and do nothin'


You should be banned from a booth, nigga
Unless you’re surrounded by a firin' squad commanded to shoot


I got plans for the youth, you tryin' to lean on me?


This is principal Clark battlin' Sams on the roof
Jump, nigga! Kill yourself!


All night I been givin' you mad questions
But they can’t mix problems with bad guesses
Hollow, you ain't loaded enough for the rap legend
You up here talkin' all this Big Daddy Kane shit
And you half-steppin', nigga, my walk's clearer


It’s like I’m thought-sharin'
On the frequencies that the dog hearin'


I’m more darin' than McFadden runnin' back with the ball bearin' the wheel, and you're caught starin'
I should split your shit like divorced parents, nigga
You know what? Forget the money, forget that money
Shit, I should make Peter pay me in pall-bearers


Show one a dollar, some'll bottlin' a dream
You don’t understand that when you reproduce
Everything you are is the product that you breed
God forbid a condom was a leak, and you fatherin' a seed


Jay Z, if you’re listenin' and you’re followin' the tweets
You probably didn’t speak to Obama before the speech
But I swear, he might not pass one gun control law
But I’m tryna get every last one of these Hollows up off the street, man


I will battle anyone on the card with this hand of Jesus
Don’t you niggas ever throw rocks at the sun, you can’t reach it




[Round 3: Hollow Da Don]
You talk about me sippin' lean
But in your "K.I.L.L.A.S." video, Fat Trel and them Sprite was all pink


I mean, you a low cokehead
I admit what I do to them, I don’t gotta lie to y'all, G
He probably was on the set on the low, tryna dog lean
You look like you low-key addicted to Tylenol 3's
My nigga, you talk about me sippin' and bein' in jail
The shit is depressin', you're just provin' me right
I can’t get this work, I got a criminal record


I do the crime, I do the time, I sit like a man
While I’m in there, L.O.M. shirts ship to Japan
ITunes, digitals, scans
So don’t think singles, think Pringles
How I still stack chips in the can
He talkin' about Lean On Me
Well, I know you heard what happened in the face-off
So I’m glad I could do a movie reference once we face off


I mean, he was there for the fight
He pulled me to the side like an Israelite
He said: “Brother, I wasn’t feelin' that fight
See, Hollow, you livin' the life they portray in stereotypes
Now there’s gon' be some people that try to prove that you weak
You remember Menace II Society?
O-Dog, he like to pull shit in beef," I said I do remember…
And we don’t wanna hear that bullshit, Sharif!
Stop tryin' to teach us shit
He that old head that come on the block
Niggas be like, "Man, go ahead with that preachin' shit!"
We don’t wanna hear what Jesus did
Tell Al Sharpton eat a dick!
Beg my pardon, but I’m in the hood starvin' with no leadership
And you want me to listen?
Nigga, we don’t even know if you follow religious tradition
Are you Muslim, Christian, Catholic, Baptist, or Buddhism?
I don’t know, is you pickin'?
First time I knew dude was sniffin'
Is when I caught him uptown false preachin' in some True Religions


So let’s take him to church
Reverend, we understand you want somethin' to eat
But 40k? You wantin' a feast!
What you wantin' ain't cheap
You got them payin' a hundred a piece
Summer Madness 3, you know why we ain't do it?
He wanted a big pay-per-view percentage off of it
He wanted everyone to put a portion into the Porsche you in
It's porcelain; he want 40k guaranteed
And a percentage before they recoup the cost of it?
Damn, reverend! You damn near wanted all of it


Another nigga that get his bread and whine
But couldn’t clear his ties with the 10% Smack was offerin'


Let’s take him to church
I need y'all to open y'all iPhone's to Loaded Lux vers' Mook
Duration 7:28, verse two, and I quote
Reverend said he’s "all about his Benjamin’s"
Well, will them synonyms
Get you in the synagogue before you sin again?
'Cause reverend, you ain't L.O.M
I mean, I could picture you on an infomercial
Three in the mornin', speakin' wild soft
Like, "You wanna get your demons right off?"
I got somethin' that was made for the robe of the Messiah
You see this brown cloth?
At the bottom of the screen you can talk to Jesus now, call
And sign your check to reverend Lux and Peter Popoff
And it be some dumb niggas that buy it
Fooled by the biblical words you know
But you know the role: when it come to them dead presidents, the preacher man be the first to go
Alright, let me get up out this church, don’t look at me sideways
Even a usher get knocked out his shoes for gettin' in my way
Lord, forgive me, let us pray
We are gathered here today
'Cause UW got Lux’ greedy-ass that 40k
On Earth as it is in Heaven, thou want to see him slain
It was written I’m the chosen one, that's why Hollow be thy name


Greedy-ass pastor, please!
I mean, you did everything after me
106 after me, Dash Living after me, URL after me
Now this nigga after me?!
I believe Lux will clap for the bucks, 'cause he ass to me
Now they askin' me, does he have to be an axe to me
To ask to me to actually be a half of me?
Wordplay like that beautiful
Wait, let me get back, I’m schoolin' you
Tutor you, shit you out, manure you, can you, tuna you
Underwater scuba you around water Bermuda
You couldn’t beat me if it was two of you
Wait, I’ll beat you and you, you and you, you and you
Let’s talk factually. Facts! Facts!
Kid Capri said you was greedy and wouldn’t give him cash
Or no, Sub Zero said you was greedy
And wouldn’t give him cash. Facts!
You held Conceited footage and made him reuse them lines
Facts! Where’s that 1000$ you owe Tech-9?
I mean, what happened to Lion’s Den?
They’re known for holdin' footage and cut-throatin'
Lyin' to battlers, "It’ll be on HBO!" what he just told 'em
This for every footage held and every buck stolen
I’ll give him a round, and if you lyin' then
You’ll never get up, Loaded
I said, last year we seen three legends choke, it was pitiful
First Canibus, then Lux, we like, "Shit is lookin' miserable."
I know I said three legends choked and only mentioned two
But the third one is what Rae Swag did to Mook


Harlem nigga, tell Mook move
He a corn, Mötley how my crew move
I'll put the heavy metal to Lux, air a Smith at you two
Wait… heavy metal deluxe, Aerosmith, U2


I said, this is the coldest fact yet
Nigga, you don’t have custody of your son
'Cause you don’t file taxes
So in court when they ask occupation you had to put none
I’m pretty sure your baby moms on welfare, you got one
This is 09/08, around the time when you were a bum
So you'd rather panhandle CD's on the street than get a 9-5?
Were you too good to fly through them friendly skies?
Oh, I know why! 'Cause niggas from the job'll be like
"That’s Loaded Lux from Smack!
I though he was flossin' on the grind
He’s workin' here? That nigga must be starvin' for a dime
But if you was a real man
For your lil man you’d put that talkin' to the side
But I guess your son ain't more important than your pride!
You should've got that work, nigga!
Now his son is inhalin' second-hand smoke
While playin' with his Tonka trucks, with the cartoons on high
'Cause he don’t wanna hear his moms get fucked
You should've got that work there, nigga!
How you know Calicoe's pops ain't try to fly through them friendly skies and got denied every time?
So he supposed to be like you
Waitin' weeks for 40k from a league? Nah
Blackface linked up with BMF and made 40k on the street
Whether right or wrong, who are you to judge that man’s fate?
What, you felt his vibe? You looked him in the eyes?
You felt his hand shake? What you thought?
He got life and they locked him up in a bad cave?
He’s a lost nigga? Well, I found him, now say it to Black's face!
Can you relate? Have you ever sat in that cell with them hunger pangs 'cause you got transferred to another jail
And it took a couple days 'til your money came?
You ever seen a blade open a face?
Sittin' in court, not knowin' your fate?
You get a letter that your man got killed
And you can’t go to the wake? I ain't think so
So think about that before you judge a life that you never lived
'Cause it’s easy to develop a large picture
When you're focused on the negatives


I’m at his true love's school, I’m lookin' for his bae bae
Even his biggest dickriders go
"Put that chopper down!" I may, Day
But everybody in that school still get screwed
Once I chop chop with that AK
'Cause over drama it don’t matter who kid that K slay
You had enough? 'Cause that chopper will clean him out
Boom! Leave him standin' where he stay
I could've got the 4-9 and spray, but I’m fantastic with the K
I said, my nigga, you ain't got a street bone in your body
But when it comes to streets — Head ICE, they fuck with him
'Cause when you was passin' out bibles, he was out there bubblin'
When you was spreadin' the word, he was out there hustlin'
That’s why the streets say, "That nigga ICE, he hot!"
I know it burns when I rub it in
I said, quit with all that Gandhi stuff!
Tellin' us "You're headed for your self-destruction"
Will only get your posse cut
Click over, everybody get bodied, yup
This nigga get a 9, this nigga a couple times
I’m tellin' you, your clique over, you ain't hear me on the other line?
I said, Loaded Lux? You ain't got enough
'Cause I come around loaded
For the diesel I’m in your pad touchin' your keys
In one click I have you down, Loaded
I said, Loaded Lux, and when he was homeless
His baby mom fault, she left him
With 50 bucks in Harlem, had Lux homeless
And other times he’s in the X with ten just roamin'
They said: "Is he broke?"
I said: "Fuck broke, he ain't got a buck, he broken!"
And they said, "I’ll be damned, I thought Lux was loaded."
I said, I seen him outside freezin', stuck and froze
It’s ironic 'cause I’m the one that’s fuckin' cold
But this is stuff he knows (stuffy nose)


I wanna let y'all know, I wasn’t even gonna show up today
I got some bad news this week
My grandmother got bit by a bee, y'all
It was one of them East African bees, it’s not funny
But when I heard this was for y'all I showed up, so let’s get it
I said… Charlie, Charlie, Charlie…
I’ma be calm, Charlie, I ain't gon' lose my voice
"You'll get engaged with the rage!!!"—I ain't gon' do that, boy
This is battle rap; anything past, we can scrap for that


Don’t stand here talkin' between my rounds, we got Smack for that
If I say somethin' hot, my nigga, I don’t want no dap for that
Oh, you just wanna be friends and play with these words…
Well, they got apps for that!
Nigga, fuck your entourage! This for that parmesan
Since the boss been gone
You turn to Scott Baio and put Charles in charge? NAHH!
‘Cause when Charles was gone
He was dissin' you, sayin' that you owe eight


I got double that versus Surf and bought an Audi '08


He seen my car and was like, "You got all of them dollars?"
I know your persona, don’t hate
Oklahoma, Nevada: your initial state was the envy… okay
So I can stand here and laugh with him


Or I can kill him with the cold face
‘Cause you took my bar verse Ars about brushin' me wrong
And flipped it with the Colgate
That ain't what the Don say
Who gave you bad directions? You lost, took it the wrong way
Now I got somethin' that I owe clips
So I load up with the old clips
First two was hot, and the third got stuck like the old Clips
You know the old Clips that stumbled in his old clips
Then said they owe Clips? — Oh, Clips!
You stumbled all 2013 and now you claimin' you the best, nigga?
Since they gas him I’m supposed to be Pat, nigga
Well, vrooom… I’m a vet, nigga!
And you X-Factor, not ‘cause your priorities set, nigga
‘Cause every chance they get, the fans make your head bigger


My first gun was a .38 revolver
I got that from my nigga Roger
My point is, before I even knew about Clips I was already poppin'


And just ‘cause it was GrindTime I didn’t stumble out
Or come up here with the I-I-I got you, the-the-the mumble mouth
Sonic the Hedgehog game
If I get hit on this stage, rounds keep comin' out
You barely have thirds!
At that point you shoulda got fired from it, son
I see you lazy like McGrady so you’ll never retire number one


He’s so redundant and simplistic
Y'all all know that one Clips bit
Where he goes into a scheme and you can predict it
Way before he spits it? He’s like…
"I’m in that flyin' Spur, then I’m dunkin' in my homie's Charger
Got twenty, take your top off, that Ginobili spark ya
My other gun, Kawhi Leonard, this other homie darker"
Then he’ll say somethin' about point guard, a 9
And what y'all see comin'? (crowd predicts: Tony Parker!)
Okay, okay, y'all with me!


What about when he said, "I’m way better, and way clever"
Say somethin' about Pacquiao or ring
And what y'all see comin'? (crowd predicts: Mayweather!)
See what I’m tryna say?


Them bars like the next exit off the highway
They know when to get off, you tell 'em it’s comin' a mile away


But he does have fire writtens, he got fire writtens
Like when he said "without Clips, Hollow ain't killin' shit"
But if you freestyle half your battles
And there ain’t no fire in pen, then what good is Clips?


I ain't sayin' your shit wack
But bro, it's the same move every time you kick that
Setup, punchline, setup, punchline—that’s how you spit that?
Just a candy rapper with four bars: you a…
(Crowd predicts: Kit Kat!) — see how easy it is to predict that?


The aim gon’ change his range
The range gon’ change the bang
The bang gon’ change his frame, the frame gon'—
Boy, yo' bitch ugly as hell, my nigga
I mean his bitch is just aww
You like battle bitches, with gun lines? Bitches with bars?!?
Rule number one: this is a business
And the mix is a flaw, I don’t mix it at all
You won’t hear a single drop 'bout I: no Kendrick Lamar


But he went from Ash Cash, now you hittin' Couture


Nigga, for bands I wouldn’t smash that: no expensive guitar
She the one against O'fficial, dressed like a dyke, right?
Hair everywhere, Scary Spice like
That bitch look like Whitney on the pipe night
Or Tina after Ike fight
But you gettin' stacks now
Get her hair done, put that hood boog in Fendi
Oh, I guess it’s your lady’s luck
We never seen her look good with Remy


And you know what’s the saddest shit?
I’ve been to they crib, when he mad at her and she mad at him
It’s hilarious, ‘cause instead of arguments they actually start battlin'
She be like, "If I come in and you textin'
I bring the TEC's in, and start shootin'…"
And he's like: "Shut up, bitch! You losin'!"
She storm out, go to the kitchen
She like, "Charlie, you ate my food again? Charlie! Charlie!"
He in the back talkin' about "Guess what room I’m in!"
But alright, alright… I ruined it…
Bro, third round against Rex, you said the truest shit


But please don’t come up here and act like your moms tough
‘Cause I bet a thousand large bucks
That in real life my mom will fuck your mom up
A'ight, a'ight, let me put this up, let me settle down
What he need to beat me…
I'ma save that for the second round, L.O.M.





[Round 1: Charlie Clips]
Charlie Clips versus Hollow... Lux, what up? Mook, what up?
I’ma kill one of y'all niggas this fuckin' summer


I like how you talk that shit
Here's where it goes down like a fuckin' plumber
I'll body every nigga on your side
Put 'em in sleeping bags: that’s a fuckin' slumber
And if your mom do hook on mine?
Cool, we gon' jump your mother
I knew I shoulda skipped you and went straight to Lux
‘Cause after that Total Slaughter performance
Your career was kinda dead to me


But a little voice in my head said "Nah, you Clips, and if you gon' be the top gun, why not add a hollow into your legacy?"
Plus, I wanna see what’s the hype about
‘Cause if you rap like this
Then how can anybody think you better, B?
Your voice hoarse, you leave niggas sleepy
Hollow, that’s the reason you’re not ahead to me
You ain't beat grey hoodie Lux, you had the fake Black Panther
With niggas in the background grippin' a shotty
How you struggle with fake activists
But lean is what you sip for a hobby?


The work I put in is rape, it's not meant for a Cosby


Burberry shirt: my lines gotta go over your head first
To see they meant for a body
My third round against Rex? One of the best ever


My whole block was movin'
Niggas ain’t even askin' about my pops
They askin' me how the Dots is doin'
I tell them niggas Shine shinin', Murda murderin'
Shit, I think the Dots is movin', I ain't wanna kill Rex
But when a Dot get in your face, you gotta oxy-cute him
And what you gonna do? What you gonna do?
Rap about my pops like he did?
Pull out paperwork, Hollow? I’m not shook
Nigga, I haven’t seen my father in 20 years
But still know how my pops look
My real name is Charles Brown, and I be lettin' that stock cook
And if he try to Dee Brown, I will bang on him and not look
Librarian: put the silencer on — shhhhh! — if you do not book
Ahh, it ain’t no biggie
‘Cause you gon' get a round more than a Pac hook
I'll call my brother like, "Bring the K, D!"
And then Hollow give us that shock look
‘Cause he got a feeling, the thunder about to get fired on the spot ain't Scott Brooks
I said listen, Hollow, if your bitch is fine
I’m bringin' two fives to split your dime


Chiropractor at King of the Dot: I’m tryna bend her spine
Rondo workin' out in the gym: that’s the biggest 9


Shot the shit in East and the nigga died in Pacific Time


I’m loco and bi-polar, ‘cause I don’t celebrate but I wave toast
I’ll write Hollow is that nigga and that bitch on the same post
If you try me off the Hennessy
Then I hope you keepin' your bae close
‘Cause this little shit sing at niggas and bitches: it's Dej Loaf
Put a sock in it, I didn’t come here to show dude love
Arms out, and everybody in your squad get it: that’s a group hug
Recyclin', I put the old beam on the new snub
The ray and the arsenal workin' together better than U Dubb


This is a part of war
I’m throwin' smoke bombs at your apartment door
Niggas coughin', they ain't feel wheezy this much since Tha Carter 4
Big shit barkin', it's soundin' like a retarded dog
I’ll let this shit pow, brother, it fuck around and mark us all
Fab put his shooters in the Uber, my whole team is in a rental
Window down, they arms out
But they ain't reachin' for your demo
I had to name the pump Ike, you gotta squeeze it just a little
Or the kickback will surprise you like Tina in the limo
I said on some G shit, Hollow, you my nigga
But I need to know what the fuck is up
You had the chance to put battle rap on top of mainstream
But then you fucked it up


It’s like every round you got dryer and dryer, man, you fuckin' suck!
How you was able to clean Big T but couldn’t wash Budden up?


Your third round better be your best round
‘Cause you not gonna survive another day
Every time I rap, pull out your phone and text your mother "Pray!"
‘Cause she gon' call Smack, Beasley
And ask God why we took her son away
And the sad part it’s only five hours left 'til Mother’s Day
Mrs. Dinnananon — wassup, baby?
[Round 2: Hollow Da Don]
My nigga, that round was cool
But yo' bitch still ugly as hell, my nigga, we see this
How you a top tier nigga with a PG bitch?
Alright, alright, I know y'all don’t wanna hear this
Enough about this nigga bitch
Let’s talk about how this nigga bitched on a nigga dick
For a year tryin' to battle, I had bigger fish
Needed an extension when I got Loaded
I wasn't worried about little Clips


All my battles been main events
All types of rounds, I raised the net
Since Clue was makin' tape cassettes
And Jae Millz was in that Avirex
Nigga, when I came in and went in, he came and went
So let’s place a bet, and when I win write R E S P E C T
When you make the check, nigga, pay respect!
I said, these fans like to hop on dick
But we don’t do that, we all riders
I hate to use this bar during a crisis
I gotta make the crowd riot, so I'ma be more fire


I got y'all… about a stolen scheme
He gave to another battle rapper but originally stole from Queens
It was about a vid, copped a Canon and shot one on 5th
It was Loaded Lux, T-Rex, Head ICE and Charlie Clips
{DJ scratching noise}
Let me rewind it, this about to be my hardest shit
Keep the cannon cocked, I only need 1 shot when the 5th on me
I don’t care if Lux loaded
It go through Rex T, hit ICE head, then clip Charlie
I coulda just came through and put two in his abs
And he was standin' there lookin' at shit he never knew that he had
I’m hyped shootin' belly, see me in Nebraska
I’m sayin' if he droppin' dimes to get me to Rico
I’ll have him eatin' this banana
My man put away the ox, so it’s the Tommy he gon' blast at y'all
Me, Nas or T-Boz: ‘cause I don’t know how to act at all


This Shotty ain't a battle rapper or a passenger seat
This nigga musta made a mistake if he said he askin' for beef


He left Ruby Tuesday to go to Friday’s to get a sundae
You just ate half of the week
But on Sundays he a changed man, Charlie sits and stays home
It’s nothin' religious, that's just usually when Chick-Fil-A’s closed
Charlie, you gotta bring somethin' better and that's similes
These burners and gloves go together: that’s chemistry


I had an epiphany, they said before this battle shit
He was a Harlem nigga with no bread
I said, "A Harlem nigga with no bread?!"
They said, "A Harlem nigga with no bread."
I said that’s like a BMX with no pegs
A frat party with no kegs, Friday with no Craig
A Harlem nigga with no bread?!
They said, "A Harlem nigga with no bread."
I said, that’s a Rastafarian with no dreads
A goalie with no legs, a Cali nigga that smoke regs
A Harlem nigga with no bread?!
They said, "Yeah, he don’t even got a business or a LLC."
Do you got an ENI number or a tax ID?
Oh, the only thing you own is CharlieClipsTV
See, that’s ‘cause he don’t got no will, no drive, no ambition
I seen all the money this man’s missin', I got a confession
See them “sike I lied” t-shirts y'all bought outside? My man printed
I seen all the money that fam missin'
I’m like, dog, I went and got it copywritten
Your whole slogan, so now if you wanna use it
You gotta pay me some damn chicken
Boy, you do bad business!
I actually got employees, you can come work for me
And in turn, my nigga, you get that work for free
I’m not showin' his incompetence with no cruel intentions
Own equity, it’s no equity in views and mentions
But if it is, y'all went in on a Charlie Clips' stock
And made a huge investment
But now that I’m givin' you the business
Watch them start losin' interest
My nigga, you gotta start thinkin' like a boss
Or I'll off his space and leave his achievements on the wall
Wait, you from Harlem, you ain't got no damn bars
But you flippin', put your man on
Damn, pause — wait, now I’m soundin' like Cam’ron
Y'all Ghostface twice the killer she died, I was knowin' that sick
I’m the type to overdose with the shit
I challenge you to battle without ghosts and shit [?]
If son back out, I black out, my soul'll eat Clips
I know y'all like damn, I was fuckin' with thun
See, Smack was frontin' with funds
Is DNA your brother or son?
I know y'all like it’s crazy how I’m comin' at son
But his name's Clips, it's only right I put him under the gun
By the way, your weight fluctuates like a boxer goin' up in weight
You're fat big-boned and you're big fat-boned the other day
I no longer know what the fuck to say
I went by his crib, he was eatin' a buttered steak with a cup of cake
That wasn’t a dumb mistake
I didn’t mean cupcake, he was actually drinkin' a cup of cake
Worry about the bars, but don’t worry what I got on
But if you is worried, LOMclothing.com
———
Sike I lied, I’ma say it now!
Sike I lied, I’ma say it now!
In order to make that happen
You’ll have to run in the Vatican church, ransack it
Grab the pope, saran wrap him
Back hand him like Sam Jackson
Cremate his damn ashes with no damn hassle
Then pull it out the oven and make a sand castle
[Round 2: Charlie Clips]
Second round was all jokes for you, huh?
Crack another fat joke and I'ma go for your jaw
I've been in the streets, they know I’m gutter without bowlin' a ball
Two plus two, remember, I’m predictable when I’m holdin' this 4
Sike, I… wait, I don’t own it no more
I had a long talk with D the other night
This bitch walked by with a mean butt
And I was thinkin' like, "Damn, I gotta bag her
Fuck raw and catch a mean nut
D said "Yo, can I hang?"
I said for sure, you know how we do these sluts
Oh, y'all think I was talkin' about DNA
Man, I’m talkin' about deeez nuts — GOT EEM!!!


Hollow, crack a smile, it’s just a joke, try to save your pride
Shut the fuck up with the boos
Hop in the whip, we about to take a ride
I gotta take y'all on a trip, ‘cause a couple of niggas I thought was cool with me started takin' sides
Cortez, what up, nigga? Come here, boy!
You know I know you personally, in the streets you real
But in this situation you a fuck nigga
‘Cause I heard you had a couple of words behind your boy back when Math had got jumped, nigga
You know what’s crazy? When you ain't had no crib
I was there to move your shit out the trunk, nigga
Hollow ain't never let you stay at his house
You lived with me for a month, nigga — this is real facts!
You know what’s crazy? I guided you through your whole career
I held you during that whole Hollow bid
Sad part about it, he come home and you jump in his arms, "L.O.M."
NY did way more for you than Hollow did
He moved to Orlando — question, do you even know where Hollow live? If this is really your man
Give me the address right now to Hollow crib
Exactly! Damn, you said it type fast
Well, let me do it over here, ‘cause God about to strike his ass
But not just you — D. Chamberz, ahh
You mentionin' me in all your songs
Sad part is you don’t even know how to rhyme
You used to call me seven o'clock every morning
Beggin' me to help you get on your grind
I got more features with you than all these niggas combined
So I’ma be the first to tell you you suck
And you’re never gettin' signed
I know what y'all thinkin', y'all niggas wanna boo niggas
Or a nigga who battled Surf and started makin' it rain?
Y'all love me a minute ago, now y'all gettin' as fake as his chain
The problem that kills me is y'all niggas big Hollow up
And y'all wanna soup him like y'all wontons
Y'all ain't with him for real
Y'all only with him for the chips like Bon Ton
LOM, NYB, you always got y'all pom-poms
But where the fuck was y'all
When he was gettin' washed up by John John?
John John walked in and he said "L.O.M."
Then swung at him right at the door
But you fell, I got a multiple choice on how you got on the floor
Is it A) The floor was slippery, you fell inside the club?
Is it B) When you grabbed him you realized you not a thug?
Is it C) It wasn’t lean, it was some other kind of drug?
Hey, John John, what was it?
(John John Da Don: It was D, nigga, all of the above!)


[Round 3: Hollow Da Don]
With the Math situation, we ain’t sayin' you did not care


We ain’t say go to L.A., shoot everybody, bring a Glock in there
But bro… you is big as papa bear…
You coulda grabbed Dizaster or Aktive
And stopped 'em and been like, "Not in here!"
And he tried…
But once them L.A. niggas started swingin', you got outta there
Your heart was pumpin', my nigga, you know what’s funny?
Besides the fact he the only Harlem nigga that comes bummy
He’s so excited to get his little twenty thousand
And I’m still spendin' Lux' money
Even though money don’t matter here I’m just here statin' the facts
Clips, this is the most you ever been gave for a match
And bitch, I’m not Lux, you better thank me for that!


‘Cause before this, I know what happened
Me and Joe had a classic!


But I never give y'all the insight on my life
So let me tell y'all what happened
What you know about preparin' for a battle
When your grandmother bit by a bee?
Or, or, or, the very same day of the battle, you forget your ID
Real shit, no excuses!
Wait, that ain’t me, that’s what this nigga will do
If he unprepared, during the battle he’ll give an excuse


Embed it in the fans' heads, they can bicker and use
Over "Did he win or did he lose?"
Like, Clips, what happened against Charron?
Oh, my nigga, that day of the battle, my nephew caught the flu
Well, what happened against Illmac?
My nigga, that very same week of the battle
My daughter-in-law turned two
I gotta throw a surprise party, it’s real shit I’m goin' through!
Niggas like, "Come on, Charlie, quit with the sobbin'!"
You think these niggas wait hours
And pay $100 to come in here and hear another nigga problems?
Now I’ma pull up on the block
I’ma, I'ma freestyle off the top
Sike, I lied nigga! I couldn't stand up here and gave y'all a sloppy freestyle if I tried, nigga
Wait, this is genius, I can do this every time, nigga
I get in a bind, nigga
Just say "Sike, I lied" and rhyme "nigga" — my nigga!


It's so see-through, then Star popped a clip
Called you a snitch, but Clips ain't pop shots
You was standin' there dancin' round questions
And knowin' that’s what got your pop locked
Let's keep it a buck, Rex said he was with Alpo
And his pop flossed in a Lex coupe
So if Rex was with Alpo and your pops was
It was a boss for respect too
But there’s somethin' else about you and Alpo, my nigga
There’s somethin' more that connects you
Ah, it’s so special… y'all both came up of killin' a nigga
When he was mournin' his nephew
Snitchin' in your DNA, so DNA, if you start sellin' coke
And you wanna get down, tell him no
It’ll sound like a Sixers game
He’ll be playin' with the answer as he points, "That’s Eric's snow."
I'll bring two weapons through
For snitches in the confessional
A TEC and a nickel if you wanna be technical
Let's get to the point, you sarcastic, "hardy har"
But couldn’t hang with me bar for bar
In New Orleans during Mardi Gras
If your man actin' extra goon
Leg shot when I’m steppin' to him
Split your shit right before I left the room
Nigga, that’s an exit wound
And bystanders get brutally beaten for beefin'
Brooklyn-born, we’re brought up blind with beacons
Not concerned with the corner, concoct concurrent Corona's
Come with a caliber, Charlie Clips' condition confirmed in a coma
I’m just playin' with these letters and tryin' to be non-bias
I did some B's, b, and some C's, see… stop whinin'!
I was in the box where niggas was not rhymin'
Ayo sticks and Top Ramens
You nerds dot-com'in and hatin' for the top comment
I’m illegal but legal with Desert Eagles to see you
Eagles and Regals leavin' you see-through
I equal them people that peeped you like a preview
A sequel, shoot that needle with diesel position leavin' you fetal
Wait… I can’t use mixtape bars? That’s cheatin', scrap
But he did that with the Captain Morgan line in the Conceited match — and he act like it was a free at that


Had me so heated I was on his locator
Visit every place that he be at
As you can see, I listened to all of his CD tracks
And read every tweet he had — all 98,322 to be exact
But who’s countin'?
Fuck you, nigga! I was stalkin' everybody
Even the niggas that hold this nigga down
I'm like, should I get at Clips? Yeah, let me roast this nigga now
Clips ain't fat, he just got a big ol' back
My nigga, you got a wide body: you a big ol 'Lac
I'd hate to be your friend when we was young
And some kids wan' scrap
‘Cause it probably be hard as hell to get yo' back
Oh, they want gun bars? I got y'all… I'll palm the toolie
He gon' take shots to the head like John Belushi
I’ll put this bitch on ice like Yamaguchi
Silent killer for the mob: that’s Sean Kakhuski
See, I usually don’t stop y'all during these battlin' verses
But I guarantee there’s a few of y'all
That thought Sean Kakhuski was a actual person
Be the same niggas that fall for Clips' fifty and fifty nine
Surf with an AR on his hip, I don’t get it when they rhyme
But enough of that, y'all ain't seen me mad
I guess y'all right, the devil wear Prada
‘Cause I'm about to get in my evil bag
I'm a skinny nigga, I could care less
About grandma good-ass cookin'
You fuckin' with a crazy nigga
That’ll run in the crib and give grandma that good-ass whoopin'
But y'all know I'm so motherfuckin' mean with it
I take that grandmother ass-whoopin' back
And do a whole nother scheme—
I said, I’m probably just weird
As I walked up the stairs I broke a bottle of beer
Bent her over, stuffed it hard in her rear
Twist it out as the bottom just teared
Blood was everywhere, a lot was smeared
And I used it to write on the wall “Hollow was here.”
But y'all know I'm so motherfuckin' mean with it
I bring that grandmother ass-whoopin' back
And do a whole nother scheme—
She senile, can’t tell who, what, which and when
I took doo doo from her diaper
With some chocolate and mixed it in
Fed it to her, told her it’s a Twix and then
She said, "Is it supposed to taste this nasty?"
I said "Honestly, the shit depends."
She said, "On what?", repeatedly she get beat with a iron
And I tell your grandfather, "Get the fuck up out that wheelchair!"
And I sit down like, “Wheeww! Nigga, I’m tired!”
That was a long day of ass-whoopin' for Charlie Clips
Damn, your shirt hardly fits!
FYI, they got the salsa chips, avoid the garlic dip
I’m just bein' real with you, I’m knowin' this true
Your face could tell it hurts inside and you know that it's true


[Round 3: Charlie Clips]
How this shit go again? "Your man Charlie Clips had one battle and think he top three now
And how his name Charlie Clips if we only seen three rounds?"


Damn, that was tough! That was back when he was hungry, fire, and — pause — you had a lot of flame in you
But over the time you became a vending machine, Hollow
You don’t know why? I’ll explain to you
See, Shady Records got a little hongry, they pushed buttons
And you was the one they put the change into
You chased that man around more than Kaylin Garcia
It was to the point I felt ashamed of you
You threw money on stage and told Surf to strip
It was at that moment I seen the lame in you
You flew Calicoe’s pops a thousand miles and still had a debatable with Lux… Hollow, you let the fame get you
See, I wanna show you this .40 Glock
But I'd rather school you before the game hit you
‘Cause you chose the stage name "Hollow"
And it’s so crazy how that name fits you
‘Cause see the definition of "hollow" is basically unfilled space
And with a name like that
How could y'all even think he gon' bully Clips?
‘See, what bothers me is that he chose a name that means empty
But your whole career you’ve been full of shit
Shall I continue? Work out, Hollow
Let's see what bein' brolic get you
'Til a — chhhh chhhh — hollow hits you
And the doctors change your name while you asleep
‘Cause you done woke up with somethin' solid in you
But oohhh, you not that type of hollow
You an expanding bullet, basically you a hollow-point


But if we go to trial and Hollow point
At the nigga that shot the hollow-point
Then what the fuck is Hollow’ point?
Exactly, see you didn’t choose the name Hollow
God gave it to this man and the shit special
See, he gave him the name Hollow ‘cause he sharp
And with the right aim he probably could split metal
But you're just a hollow so stay in your lane
‘Cause when you went against an Arsonal
We all seen how that kid stretched you
And remember, a hollow can’t go nowhere unless the clip lets you
This is some powerful shit
I understand y'all gon' get it, don’t worry about it!
I probably won this round off that alone
One little scheme and a little bit of wordplay
You wanna know what’s crazy, Hollow?
I ain’t spit a punchline since like Thursday
You want one? Okay, cool, you about to get 'em in a bomb way
From now on, May 9th is national
"What the fuck happened to Hollow Da Don" day
I’m extra legit, I got a gift at rappin', you in the presence of Clips
Imodium, hey D, don’t let him get extra with shit
Cortez' real name is Ernie
And he rollin' with Hollow, lookin' all desperate and shit
Now Ernie the one I should kill if Charles right next to the Smith
Hollow, go 'head and give it up, give it all you can!
But let your next of kin know that I’m the God in the clutch
Remember he played Street Fighter
He never used Balrog and left y'all in disgust?
Well, I used to battle rap for free in the yard before lunch
'Til I picked Balrog and learned you can charge for a punch
Yeah, it’s over — yes, Hollow, he the best
I’m in your mom's crib, she need a vest
Tryin' to leave blood all over the pad, but it ain't PMS
Ski mask on, .40 comin' out the waist, she about to see her death
They ain't seen a black face raisin' a cal since BMF
And you said you could beat me bar for bar, Hollow?
I’m from New York where we let off rounds
And my niggas will Smith you for seven pounds


Wait, wait, wait, that’s X-Factor's shit, right?
I’m buggin', y'all, I gotta chill
How about… grown man bars is somethin' he got—
Wait, that’s Rex' shit, right? Yeah, I’m buggin', y'all, for real
How about… so it’s Showtime? Stupid nigga, I’m not tryna steal
I’m Shang Tsung, I’m just turnin' into all the niggas I already killed


My legacy is solidified; Drake voice, your shit is kinda iffy though
You beat Illmac after Con beat him
You beat Big T, okay… really, bro?!
I murdered Verb, I murdered Roc
And what I did to Rex? Silly though
And Factor, his career been fucked, that ain't even goin' to Xvideos
So let me ask y'all in the crowd
Raise your hand if you think this sucka a legend
I did that first 'til Arsonal killed him
No debatin', nigga fucked up his record
Then he lost to Surf right after that, see I don’t fuckin' respect it
I just wanna know, when you go against Red mans
What the fuck is your method?


Listen, Hollow, I am the greatest, I do believe in the hype
But let’s say niggas don’t think I’m Jordan
And Mook laughin' because he thinkin' he Mike
But when Mook little daughter get older
And they go to ask her who the God
She not gon' remember Michael Jordan
But she always gon' remember LeBron
I’m about 6’8'', 6'9'', 250, niggas get scared when I come to the fuckin' basket, I jump in traffic
They say I’m not aggressive 'cause I might up and pass it
Oh, y'all still thinkin' I’m talkin' about I'm LeBron
Naw, I’m old school, I fuck with Magic
I compare myself to him ‘cause I’m sick — and my son a faggot!


And you snooo datttt!
This nigga will never be Michael Jordan, if anything he Pierce
But the reason why I compare him to Paul is wonderful
See, you talk down on niggas like you a wizard
Tryin' to make him feel all uncomfortable
You tough when you was with Brooklyn
But when you not with your team you're all soft and huggable
I ain't gon' lie, you the truth
But your career gon' end with this wall in front of you
I coulda spit a thousand fuckin' bars this round


But this nigga needed to be humbled
Yes, Hollow, you need that
That L.O.M. shit you got on your chest, you talk it but I bleed that
Drake offered me $20,000 to battle DNA
I turned that shit down like, "I don’t need that!"
I didn’t even battle you for myself
I killed you so my little brother could have Queens back
Loyalty Over Money!
I told you, Hollow, if y'all remember in the first round
I said make sure your third is your best
Or you're not gonna see another day
Every time I rhyme, take out your phone
And you better text your mother "Pray!"
‘Cause she gon' hit Smack, God and Beasley
And ask, "Why did you help take my son away?"
What time is it? It’s only about five hours left 'til Mother’s Day
Hey, Mrs. Dinnananon!


Some wonder about the Western days
And why did some guys saddle?
Some wonder about the future, and why do some time travel?
I'm just wondering…
How the fuck you let me 3-0 you in a one-round battle?


I'm just being real
I don't know what I'm doing here, this shit's weird


He's such a juice head, last time when I said "I'll shoot your ass!" he didn't even get scared


But this ain't last time, I won't say my flow cold
Like a Popsicle, probably, or a hospital lobby


No one is hotter than lava on a Guatemalan island
Damn it, I'm snappin'
I'm madder than Madden after a tackle done happened
And he miscalled it by an impractical fraction
But enough about me, I'm being selfish
That one round was eating you alive, it's understandable
I'm a cannibal, but this time, I ain't tappin' Pat
I'm rollin' up with shoulder bumps just to see what his man'll do
Nobody? Fuck all that!


Organik, watch where you goin'
Because I should blindside you for actin' like I ain't seein' dog


Nikiya, this pit fucked up my performance


I should wet your head like a Chia doll


I live for this shit, nigga, I die for my "respeck"
I'm talkin' to all "tree" of y'all


Just support and roll, because he's a star
And they came for your funeral
It's a million ways to die, and I want you to choose a few
Nah, I mean enough,
 I don't want him dead
I want to see him go through physical pain
A head shot, he survive, but it hemorrhage his brain
Cops on the side lookin' for leads, he can't remember a thing
That's because I put a traffic jam in his memory lane
I get in that ass: that's colon


Brrrrrrrr, K's: that's Nolan,
 or two gats blowin'
BOW! BOW! BOW! Look like I'm backstrokin'


I could have started this show
Swingin' a pound like this shit Arsenio


Or had a MAC spittin' with sparks like this shit Omillio


Click-click, really though, big clip really blow
About the size of a cell phone… from a Slick Rick video


I'm mean, but I'm also confused
Because you had the nerve to diss Mike Zombie
Sayin' I wasn't with Mike Zombie…
While I was with Mike Zombie, you fuckin' idiot!


That's how you know you're ignorant
You don't even know a person, and you dissin' him
Then try to school me on some business tips


Wait, weren't you the one in London backstage throwin' hissy fits? Like, "What? Y'all ain't get the chips?!
I got no money at home and I just got fired from the dealership"
Now besides thinkin', "Why was there white around your lips?" and shit, I was thinkin' that's why I did the second round
On equity like I did with Clips
Because if we both died on them plane crashes home
I had stacks in my personal account
My fam would have took care of my businesses
And they would've needed a GoFundMe page
To put this bitch in a ditch and shit, nigga, that's the differences


Then you were sellin' Sucka Free Boss hoodies
Oooo, you fuckin' hypocrite!


By the way, them pens and shit
That was a gift and shit from […]
And also a symbolism to step up your penmanship
Because you claimed you'd look into it
Now, I just named three instances
So if y'all react to fake personals, that'd be hideous
But werka-werka-werka
I slowed it down, so let me switch this shit
Get up on some different shit
Got a nigga pissed, so you know a nigga with the shit
Pull up with the tool on the belt, they think I'm fixin' shit
Hand blew, leg red: got him on some Twister shit
I said, don't worry about the bars
Just worry what I got on: LOMclothing.com


See upcoming rap shows
Get tickets for your favorite artists
You might also like
TGIF
XG
Niggas in Paris
JAY-Z & Kanye West
Would’ve, Could’ve, Should’ve
Taylor Swift
[Round 1: Pat Stay]
That mustache is bitchin', now that's precision
I don't even want to battle you, dude
I just want to know how you did it
I usually scratch my head like that, but it got me doing this shit
I don't get it, I just don't understand the physics
What is it? How, what with, and how often do you trim it?
Wow! How symmetrical can you get it?
You got it hooking, too, bro? Look at you go!


Grow a beard like a man, and let them pussy pubes go!
Man, fuck you and your whole mark-ass crew!
You can't see me, like a heart tattoo on a dark black dude
These pups ain't vicious, they just growl and bark at you
But really just want a belly rub and soft cat food
But I don't show them love, you ain't gettin' Pat, stay
The Dog Whisperer, they listen that way
Shock collar, like an electric leash, this bitch gettin' trained
It's a walk in the park for me, I got this shit in the bag


P-A to the T Stay, put some "respeck" on it
Fuck your punk-ass roster!
Jump, grasshopper, see who's the loc'est


No more humble Pat
Tell the gravedigger I want my shovel back
I ain't playin' no games, they want to push my buttons
And after, shake my hand, like a Rumble Pak?


I don't fuck with that!
Wring your neck like the African Kayan tribe
You'll hear little subtle cracks
As the joints pop, sound like I'm twistin' a bubble wrap
I'm an tap axe-swinging lumberjack
Not to mention, a fuckin' mack
Break your bitch off, then she creep home late
And like a cheap phone case, he gotta rub her back


And no, I'm not drunk, I'm fuckin' smashed
I'm just feeding you, huh? See, I figured I'd help you out
Because I know you're going to talk about me being a drunk
Because he's sober now, right?
Pft, you can act like you're clean if you want
But you can't spell "clean" without the "lean," we can see it's a front


You can't embarrass someone who makes fun of themself
And shows you their whole hand that you shuffled and dealt
You got some funny stories? Good, I got one I can tell
Because Nigel here been in a little scuffle himself
It was him and John John Da Don, made a fuck of himself
You swung at him, and you're the one who stumbled and fell
During the swing, he was able to pull up his pants
Buckle his belt, tuck in his cell, puff on an L
And eat a chicken buffalo melt – what in the hell?


So careful who you swingin' on, bitch!
This pussy flexin', better drop down, get your kegel on, bitch!
I done let shit slide, but catch me on the wrong tip
And I'll smoke this piece of dog shit on some Cheech & Chong shit


Fuck with me!
 Come on and play, ¡ándale, ándale!


You'll be rockin' a bodybag like Missy Elliott in her song "The Rain"


You think size doesn't matter, 'til I take Nigel and grab him


And toss a Hollow in the crowd like ISIS in Paris


"Ooooooooo," I hate that face! I want to break that shit
I'll sock you and anyone that you face-swap with


Right off rip, or I could drop you with a Neymar kick


With my hands behind my back like a baseball pitch
I ain't the type of white boy you play the race card with
Because if Hollow cause problems I'll bomb him on some Adolf shit


Fuck you and your whole crew you came here with!
I'm Pat Stay, I roll solo just to make my print
[Round 2: Hollow Da Don]
So what, I'm clean from lean? Like I said in London
You was itchin' and scratchin' like it was Breaking Bad
I was thinkin', "One hit and he gone," nigga, that's Baby Bash


Your best bars in the last round was tryin' to play my 'stache
Ha-haaa! Jada laugh


Pat Stay, I haven't heard a comment that dumb since Stacey Dash


But damn, you don't personally know me
I wouldn't store your number; in real life, you're not worth an emoji
Aren't you the overconfident battle rapper
That goes like this when you want to call it quits?
Well, you're the most nervous in the room, and my thoughts is this
‘Cause when you battle, your mouth does this awkward twitch
It was one battle, I thought you damn near bit off your lip


This is a gift, when they say Hollow, Lux, Clips
They don't bring up your ass
And I ain't sayin' you fuckin' trash, you upper class
You on the same plane, you just come in last
Like niggas with a buddy pass


I'm being humble, with no legend, you can get this match
I could've said deuces, me gettin' back on this card is just pity, Pat
Because you're a bully with no bars, this shit's just real
He flew to Sweden, mid-battle, he lifts up Nils
And he won that battle
Because that's the first time you picked up skills


That's how I feel, but they'll say, at least he's never choked
I'm like, "Aw, shucks, it was that one miracle
When the best in Canada couldn't get charged up."
And let's not forget that The Saurus stuff
You was— you was— you was starstruck


Couldn't finish your scheme, you're a vending machine
Because sometimes you get your bars stuck


But "it'll still be a tie whether he wins or not"
Wait, ain't that somethin' Rone started?
Or he'll say, "The gun's hereditary, it's in my jeans."
Oooh, that was so heartless!
"A Canadian's stealing the show tonight" every motherfuckin' time
Because you was standin' right behind Rone when he said it


And they still reacted to that motherfuckin' rhyme
It's just nonsense, the dunk contest
It's nothin' new, but you'll still see people jumpin' from the line


He's a meth buzz, or poppin' a stick while you wet up
I'm a brick or better
Nigga, I'm Vicodin, methadone, and Dapper Dan mixed together
I'm a gallon of Whiskey in the Prohibition era
I'm with whatever
I said you lost, and you don't have an Addy
Your moms call you "Patty-watty"
For talkin' about my pockets with OVO
Now the hood call you Chatty Patty
And I'ma make him feel so stupid
Like having a condom, and don't use it
You're in denial about my banks – well, damn, my flow fluid
But act stupid, I had him dispatch units
They'll be like, "It's only one dead, but it was a MASS shooting."


Fuck spoon-feedin' these bars, I'm mazin' them
Put away the Sahara and make it Seattle with the Harley Davidson
I got through security because it was Stacey Augmon nickname
Errrk, I see I'm losin' y'all, let me switch lanes
Swear to God in your compliment battle rap, it was some battle rappers that didn't get paid
Bitch, don't just stand there, I'll say which names
Okay, you don't want to say nothin'?
He ain't pay Marlo and Shuffle-T


And they flew way in from London, b
Ohhh, you too dumb to see
You cursed our battle with your fuckery


But they'll say Pat Stay's fuckin' street
He walked around the hood, shirt ripped like He-Man
Holdin' two guns at once
Even though he could've put them in each hand
At one time, he came to the hood
And he had niggas shook when he backed out the heat, fam
Only reason niggas was scared?
He held the gun in the police stance
I knew rap money was like trap money
When Liv made 140 off of one jugg, that's a lot of paper
Fronted 20 joints, got 60, that was profit later
That was Texas, then we hit Nevada, Vegas
Even sold niggas in the Bean pies, as-salamu alaykum
Don't worry about the gear, or don't worry what I got on
But if you is worried, LOMclothing.com
…
Sike, I lied! I got a hitman that Holla knows
It go "Boom!" if your Ah Di knows
It's horror, even Shotty knows
Double-barrel on the shotty nose… longer than Shotty nose


[Round 2: Pat Stay]
About that compliment battle, you got that shit wrong, dude
Them dudes did get paid, I swear on my mom deuce


You got your shit twisted, Rob Zombie-twisted
Oh, Rob Zombie twisted? Zombie robbed you


I heard you was locked in prison, c… cool
My father built it, we the real gangsters, bankers and politicians
My uncle did the same crime, never got convicted
We can knock the hustle, but you can't knock the privilege


Knock-knock – nope, this is not a visit
Chop-chop – yep, you just got evicted
Leave your family homeless without a pot to piss in
Turn your whole block to a lot and start a business


You feel that, everyone? Awkward, isn't it?
Closet-racist white people acting all offended


Now, obviously, I'm kiddin', but if we swap positions
And he called me a cracker or somethin'
It'd be fine – what a walking contradiction!


Yo, I ain't racist, nah, but my shank is
Because the blade tip's brown
From all the dried-up blood that it's stained with
You said our fear in others increases the darker the shade is
Hell no, speak for yourself, bro
But you're yellow, that's why you're afraid, bitch
Fuck race! I discriminate all
Get hit in the jaw, your chin'll just fall, like a ventriloquist doll


I'll leave a hole where your face is, like you gettin' a massage


And turn you into the next Prince like kissin' a frog


And if that don't finish the job
And somehow you survive it, I'm back at you
Shootin' through the side of your Uber drive
I don't care if you're scuba-divin'
I'll toss a bomb and it nuke the island
If you're flyin', first episode: I'll shoot the pilot
Plain and simple
Field goal-kick your momma Donna like Ray Finkle
Laces out, like they got me in state pen clothes, mental case


Tell Donna spread those legs
And blow inside her like a Nintendo game that just won't play


I'm Pat Stay – crazy, isn't it?
Y'all ain't ever seen that before, like a baby pigeon
You a bitch like pregnant women
I'm about to end this lame's existence
My whole— wait a minute
Let's celebrate some of your greatest writtens
You said to Surf, "I'm like the chicken pox
You touch me, you're gonna get it."
At that point, I said to myself: "Fuck… I'm finished."


I got the scoop, because I'm a lyrical shovel, can you dig it?


Watched your Okwerdz battle and said: "Stop! Hold up!"
You said, "You're like creamy peanut butter
Because you ain't got no nuts."
That was his third round ender too, Nigel, what in the fuck?!
All peanut butter is literally made with nothin' but nuts
It's called peanut butter… it's peanut butter
And I knew you seemed a bit self-conscious
But I'm certain now, because you said to Budden
"Yo, you probably talk to a girl like, 'I like your skirt and gown'."
The fuck's wrong with that? It just irks me how
It's like a weakness being a genuine person now
Then he said this how he be
"Ayy, turn around! Look at you turning down."
You think any decent woman would answer to that?
You're a clown! That's some young boy scrub shit
You're in your thirties now
Bro, I see right through that defensive pride and nervous smile
"Yo, Pat ain't seen his girl in a year
Psh, probably miss that bitch
I bet when he see her he'll probably kiss that bitch
He'll probably hug that bitch, he'll probably rub that bitch
Matter of fact, tuh… You probably fuckin' love that bitch!"
They say if you don't treat your lady right, somebody will
So your boy had to come for the kill
Check it, I said, "Damn, them stilettos are ill!"
I'd never met her, but still
I got brains from her, head over heels
The girl had my heart thumpin' like ephedrine pills
I have died through the head like Cruella De Vil


Compliments all day, whee-whoo, Slim Jesus!
Confidence through the roof, had the bitch just leakin'
All game, son, tappin' it on the low like a bass drum
Nuttin' inside of her: that's where Hollow stole the name from


But fuck that, I'ma ruin these so-called street rappers
Half of Mobb Deep's rappers: I wreak havoc


I'll slash them, leave them in stitches and heat, laughin'
Deep gashes, you'll see patches, like Team Captain's jackets


I be snappin', complete blackness
All I see's fire, but I'll just keep clappin'
But I don't even need that, I'll Zangief-slap him
The flinch make him lean back, like he's relapsin'
He got to know my hands so well, "If you read my palm," he said
Slapped him so hard I became a believer because my palm was red


[Round 3: Hollow Da Don]
I see you wrote some funny shit in your diary about me
A lot of nonsense
I'm not a humanoid, I'm a standard copy Anunnaki
Let me take you through my writing process
I said schemes, y'all put a pawn to come play the best
He can have a good night, it's still an L he's gonna take, then check
You want the king or queen?
Wait, this ain't a scheme about playin' chess
It was made for beds
Good night, king and queen, you get laid to rest


Nameflips, I'm not here to talk about Organik, I ain't call Watson


Still wish death for you
This time, Charles Bronson mixed with Bernard Hopkins


Handle whites, my Miami Vice: Don Johnson
You look like you ready to throw in the towel; John Thompson


URL's the NBA, and you ain't even John Stockton
You just on the sideline, talkin' about the league: you Bob Costas
Future, wait, I'm in the future, I already seen that
Boop-boop, let me pull up my screen app for some feedback
I'm so ahead of my time
Places people tell me to meet at, I already be at
I'm so ahead of my time
I already did this recap for this rematch
I got shoes that tie themselves, I got a car that drive itself
Then it hit me, I woke up in a dark room all by myself
Like, why I'm tryin' to switch the angle?
The crowd here, y'all cheer, I'ma let y'all pick the angle
Should I talk about Drake diss or the gay shit?
Drake diss? Okay, Drake diss, gay shit—either way, it's the same shit
You dissed Drake for buyin' a bitch a purse
My nigga, did you want a purse?
Aw, Patty-watty, tell us how it hurts
Then he tried to clean it up
After he ain't get that extra 10k in his hand
He was like, "I'm still a Drizzy fan
He's a busy man, he'll hit me when he can."


Really, fam? You think Drake at King of Diamonds
Like, "Bitch, get off me! I can't get this dance!
You know what I'm going through?! I owe Pat Stay hella bands!"
He meet with Lil Wayne, "Sit down, this the plan, I'm in a jam
Push back Carter 5
It don't matter how many chipped and scanned
That nigga big advanced
I just sold Aaliyah's album and Timbaland."
Really, fam? So Drake's your day one?
He was supposed to been loyal?
You was tryin' to eat from what was left over
And he didn't have that ten for you?


To you, that probably wasn't real shit, but what's real is
I just cut the rest of my third round
Since you said I was in prison, I got a rebuttal, y'all gotta feel this
The type of shit I don't be mentionin'
When I was in imprisonment, I used to help my cellmate write his letters for his family, he illiterate
I only charged him a lunch tray, because the nigga indigent
The judge hit the nigga with a dub, and he innocent
To you, that's probably the realest shit, but to me, that's a tragedy
Somethin' you would love to rap about
But somethin' I hate that I had to see
I only did a couple years, Bird spent so much time in a box
Germs forgot how to spin time on the clock
And when I sat back and thought about it, and why, I was shocked
It was a set-up system, when CEO's met with prison
Pushed gangster rapper, reflect the image
Because extra victims meant extra business
But why would they do that?
Because they got first dibs on the stock to invest up in it
Within 24 months, that was several digits
It went from Kid 'n Play, House Party, special kickin'
To "Think I'm kiddin'? Play!
Everybody in this house party I'm pistol whippin'!"
Think about it, nobody slipped the disc in
To Luther when they was pistol whippin'
It was niggas with an attitude, ready to die, because it was written


Around the time when my favorite rapper went from negative positive, it was still a negative in his positive
Because if B.I.G. never rapped
He'd be here to see C.J. and T'yanna live
But now, 20 years later, we got a dude talkin' about, "I'm real"
You real? That's why I switched the mood to an interview
I need you to define real


Uhm, Mr. Stay, uhm, could you define "real"?
[Pat Stay] Yellow!
Oh, you're tryin' to be funny, you're lyin' still
Please, please, Mr. Stay
Mr. Stay, we need you to define "real"
No? Okay, I got another question before we all go
Tell me, how does it feel
Being the first battle rapper that got 4-0'd?
He doesn't want to talk, okay, one more
Maybe if I wasn't so tall, you could've told short jokes
Maybe if I wasn't so light, you could've told dark jokes
Maybe if I was fat, you could've told fart jokes
But we all know, it's bars over jokes
Fraud nigga, all blickers
After this it'll be the next body to pop up in the Charles River


[Round 3: Pat Stay]
He wants me to speak that real shit, so we'll do it, alright?
Real shit, I know this probably hurts for you to hear
But you're my brother
We go back longer than the shirts we used to wear
You know, them one-size-fits-all?
Mankind, and giants, rams, lions? Hands, pants findin'?
We've been in this shit a long damn time, you can't lie
We probably got more in common than dudes in your main clique
We both fought for the spot and went through all the same shit
We both started from the bottom, like— heh, how ironic
Because we both gave classics and never got paid shit


Bro, I had so much respect for you as a man vers' Budden


How you held us down in that first round
Made us proud to actually stand for somethin'
We all felt that pain for you
You hate them dudes – we hate them, too
The way they screwed you out the pay-per-view
Gettin' paid off what we paid, and they paid no dues? Fuck that!
Talkin' about gettin' exploited by bigger companies
Lux demandin' 40 G's, it's becomin' a diva show
But fuck it, it's "Loyalty Over Money," right? Funny
Because look at you now, Nigel
I'm the old Hollow, and you're Joe
That England event was more so your show
I mean, you set up the battles, you set up the main event
Promised the promoters they'd make money, now they in debt
Manipulated them, don't give a fuck if they make a cent
Won't break a sweat if they don't have a pillow to lay their head
He'll act like your greatest friend
Then after the main event
Them hollow promises Hollow promises will take effect
When you pay him all of his money
You can't even pay your rent
And you don't hear this bloodsuckin' piece of shit's name again!
Bro, that "Sike, I Lied" shit you did against Clips
Was a funny prop at first
Until I saw you were actually selling them
And making money off the shirts
Catchphrase, bar or verse – regardless, it's Charlie's, not yours
The nerve of you profitin' off his long-earned, hard work
Tryin' to blackmail me for ten percent of the money Drake owes me
And I won't even get into that for your sake, homie
But bro, we are your peers, we're all we have in this business
You are the exact definition
Of everything you used to stand up against, man, listen
Your price is outrageous, too
You demand a cut from the pay-per-view
Which essentially means we're also payin' you
The leagues return profits in no way obtainable
All off an event that you don't have to pay into
But that ain't enough, so rip off your own neighbors, too
Exploit everyone for the work of which nothin' came from you
I'm fuckin' ashamed of you!
You've become what you hated, dude
I guess that's Hollow's mystique
The dude you face is who you change into


Look, he mad right now, probably mad I wrote this, right?
It was a last-minute decision, Pac's death: it happened overnight
Because I know your type
You're snake-eyed, so I wasn't goin' to roll the dice
What's "loyalty over money" if your loyalty's overpriced?
See, I didn't want to get personal with you
But you made it a personal issue
So I just had to just show you a reflection
Of what you've turned yourself into
But since your mirror's become a window
We see right through you inside-out
He can't even look in the mirror now
Won't even have one in his house
Been sleeping on Bishop's couch


And I didn't have to dig up dirt like you, neither
But since you lost your roots, my hate for you grew deeper


How you want it? Acapella? On beat? We can do either
We can spit on wax like a shoe cleaner


Fuck it, you want a war? I don't need a crew like you neither
Leave your new T-shirt red all over like a proofreader


It's over, dog, he knows it's true, you can tell by his eyes
But he'll deny it later, just defendin' his pride
What's new, Hollow? I hope you learned a lesson this time
So you can live up to your name, feelin' empty inside